what is benchmarking
Nous pensons que la Commission européenne pourrait endosser un rôle décisif à cet égard .
there is a risk that inadequate budgets will hamper reforms in central europe and we may pay a high price for this in the future
Ils n' avaient pas assez d' or .
over the last two years croatia has made laudable progress in most of the areas covered by community law
- Monsieur le Président , je voulais juste vérifier avec vous que , concernant le paragraphe 1 , sur lequel nous allons voter maintenant , c’ est bien la version anglaise qui fait foi .
they 've actually built two cities already in china and are preparing the third
Je voudrais remercier M. le président Barroso pour sa contribution particulière au lancement du projet Nabucco .
Il faut y engager toutes les forces démocratiques , et les citoyens doivent eux aussi y participer et avoir leur mot à dire .
i have to say that this work has produced some important results
C’ est notre trésor le plus précieux , la Croix du Christ .
Enfin , nous n' avons pas besoin de chiffres pour l' amendement 593 car il a été retiré .
this is the first budget following the treaty of lisbon
La valeur ajoutée de l' Union européenne doit se concrétiser par un avantage clair pour les consommateurs , en facilitant notamment les transactions en ligne ayant un caractère transfrontalier .
Ça me fait fliper .
Nous sommes tous habitués à télécharger gratuitement du contenu sur le net .
Donc , il y a des tonnes de façons dont on peut se connecter à d' autres personnes , et ça semble être universel .
L’ élargissement repose sur le principe selon lequel tous les pays européens qui remplissent les conditions d’ adhésion peuvent devenir membres de l’ Union .
Son but doit être de résoudre le problème qui se trouve à la racine de tous ces conflits , qui est le choc des idéologies entre deux blocs culturels différents .
Il faut s' attendre à ce que l' application de ce rapport prenne du temps .
in practice such aid has not cost the eu anything in recent years
Nous ne devons pas laisser cela se produire .
however i now hear from the commission that the question of whether there should be a recommendation or whether a directive is needed is still open
i am a reformist socialist and therefore i dream of a society based on the values of freedom participation democracy and social fairness
in the absence of any objections to them i will forward the adopted text to the intended recipients
Il ne donne malheureusement pas l' impression d' être une véritable stratégie politique de la Commission .
Je voudrais dès lors féliciter la commissaire pour ses propositions et le rapporteur pour sa détermination et sa volonté de faire appliquer au plus vite ces mesures .
Nous avons retiré cette deuxième partie afin que les députés soient plus enclins à soutenir cet amendement .
Il est bon de parler , mais il est mieux de se taire .
Tu sais que je dois y aller .
at the same time images of life in our own societies are shifting
the proposal for a european year is important not least in order to increase understanding of the important role the union can play in the fight against racism
and within a year of the vote lula traveled to iran
Vous avancez , vous avez fait un travail qui est bien , mais il faut encore avancer dans cette méthode communautaire sous l' autorité de la Commission .
the question is surely with increasing globalisation parliaments could be more involved in the opinion - forming process
Depuis cette date , le nombre de PMA a doublé , et seuls trois d' entre eux ( le Botswana , les Maldives et le Cap - Vert ) ont cessé d' être classés dans ce groupe .
Un dixième du budget dans son ensemble est en effet retourné aux États membres .
N' essayez pas cela à la maison .
La semaine dernière , le parlement ukrainien a ratifié un traité créant " un espace économique unique " avec la Russie .
no one has questioned the enormous benefits the internal market brings the extra growth and the extra jobs it has created
cambridge – will military power become less important in the coming decades
Je pense que la Commission européenne doit prendre des mesures pour accroître la mobilité des citoyens .
Nous avons une route qui fait le tour de la zone , qui amène aux gens l' électricité et l' eau qui sont produites localement .
– mr president the prices faced by car drivers and the car industry due to levies imposed on car ownership and use are an inevitable fact of everyday life
the long - standing wishes of producers are focused on naming and labelling
Premier niveau : les centrales nucléaires implantées sur le territoire de l' Union .
Monsieur le Président , chers collègues , le budget de l' UE pour l' an 2000 est un pas réel dans la bonne direction .
and we do n't have a governance system we do n't have a regulatory system able to ensure that that production is safe
Cependant , selon Mme Schaldemose , ces 3 milliards d' euros ne représentent que 5 % du marché total des jeux d' argent dans l' Union européenne .
Il s' est allongé sur le lit .
Je soutiens le rapporteur dans son combat pour maintenir cette compétence en l' état et , également , de prendre d' autres mesures de sécurité avant 2003 .
please introduce me to her
what tony sees in that moment is the project of philosophy the project that begins in wonder -- what kant called admiration and awe at the starry sky above and the moral law within
during that time hundreds of thousands of tonnes of fresh - meat products were safely imported
he 's a bit jealous
it is paradoxical that belarus has signed a commitment to guarantee the human rights of its citizens
Je disais lundi dernier que pour nous , mais surtout pour les millions de citoyens qui nous ont envoyés ici , ces 20 ans ont été en partie une période d' attente et en partie une période d' acceptation .
and no eu leader in his or her right mind could have any interest in that
mr president honourable members unlike mr posselt i do not represent the endangered media centre of munich i represent the media centre of cologne
Nous sommes arrivés à la fin de la méthode actuelle de la Conférence intergouvernementale .
member states must publish mandatory public procurement guidelines for energy efficiency improvement
the final one i want to talk about -- and it 's a great one to end on -- is this concept of communal discovery a dynamic in which everyone has to work together to achieve something
i 'm looking for a gift for my friend
Or , l' éthique nous pousse-t-elle à instaurer une rémunération du don du sang ?
Encore une fois , ces questions relèvent de l' ordre juridique interne des États membres .
Ils attendent également un étiquetage clair , suffisamment grand que pour être lisible et dans leur propre langue , afin qu’ ils comprennent quels ingrédients composent les produits en question .
we require strengthened monitoring and a reinforcement of current eradication measures
in fact guinea has never enjoyed true democracy in its half - century of independence
that 's only online -- no print no tv
he raises the question of ceilings and the adjustment of subsidies on the basis of criteria which promote employment and for the same purpose a readjustment between northern and mediterranean production areas
so it is quite clear that the commission 's neutrality is beyond all suspicion in the debate within italy
Mon Dieu , je les ai jamais eu aussi courts .
Cette directive est un premier pas vers l' assurance que seuls des médicaments de grande qualité sont distribués au sein de l' UE .
i wrote to her last month
this can come as a result of that and after that
this implies a major shift in the focus of research and an increase in sustainable funding for the vaccine package
Le Conseil doit cependant décider à l' unanimité , et j' espère que quelque chose peut changer en ses murs .
if we abandon binding targets the member states would do less or nothing at all particularly in difficult economic times
Je pose les questions comme elles me viennent , Madame Roth - Behrendt .
member of the commission - first of all i would also like to apologise to the interpreters but i am in a somewhat exceptional situation
Il y a encore beaucoup de chose à explorer .
my understanding is that the commission has the ability to withhold structural funds if member states are not complying with eu legislation
C' est pourquoi nous sommes favorables à cette proposition de résolution .
i ca n't get that song out of my head
the italians seldom talk about politics
Une conférence doit avoir lieu en mai pour reprendre le processus de négociations .
this parliament 's most recent official delegation to venezuela detected the possible risk of an anti - democratic trend whose most important manifestation was the cancellation of the venezuelan parliamentarians mandate before the latin american parliament
Vous nous assurez que , dans quatre ans , vous introduirez des dispositions supplémentaires .
En aucun cas , à Johannesbourg , nous nous sommes écartés des procédures établies .
the eu is no super - state striding bravely into a bright new dawn
i had to say goodbye in some way shape or form
those myths are nourished on a daily basis by organised opponents some of whom we have of course in parliament
L’ image semblait évoquer la Vierge de Luján ( la figure religieuse qui attire le plus d’ adorateurs en Argentine ) , et celle de l’ Évita que les pauvres sanctifièrent de son vivant .
Nous avons entendu maints discours sur le changement climatique et les économies d’ énergie , mais aucune mesure n’ est reprise dans le texte à proprement parler sur la table .
Cependant , les effets de contagion ont provoqué une correction des bourses à la baisse , qui a effacé une partie des gains enregistrés depuis le début de l' année .
Le texte ne contient pas de formulation claire dont on puisse retirer l' assurance que la garantie en matière d' environnement permettra à un État membre donné d' appliquer des réglementations plus sévères que celles de l' UE .
i 'd like to rent your most inexpensive car for a week
Plusieurs millions - j' ai bien dis millions - de membres des ONG reconnaissent dans LIFE la volonté de l' Union de construire une ambitieuse politique en faveur du patrimoine naturel .
the sooner concrete results are achieved the sooner croatia will join the european union
Finalement , je voudrais évoquer les trois amendements déposés par M. Schlyter la semaine dernière .
Les compagnies aériennes des pays qui n' appartiennent pas à l' UE sont toutefois obligées de produire un texte similaire pour le système de responsabilité qu' elles appliquent .
Je ne savais pas que tu avais un frère .
but my subject is national security
ne remet pas en cause le processus de libéralisation décidé par l' OMC à Doha , qui a contribué à l' aggravation des inégalités au niveau mondial et à la libéralisation des services publics .
that is also well and good
i believe we can get that done
Je ne pourrai pas répondre à toutes vos questions maintenant . Je l’ ai fait en de nombreuses occasions ces dernières semaines et ces derniers mois , tant oralement que par écrit .
Selon les sondages réalisés auprès des responsables locaux , c’ est le favoritisme , et non le mérite , qui est devenu le facteur le plus essentiel dans le processus des nominations .
they concern the crews of merchant vessels the scope of generally binding collective agreements and the monitoring of minimum requirements by the member states
there are 300 nurses studying
On nous dit d' avoir un dialogue , mais quel dialogue avoir avec un partenaire qui ne respecte pas les valeurs que vous essayez de défendre et de soutenir ?
how do you plan to get home
Il va sans dire que des questions liées aux droits de l’ homme ont également été soulevées lors du sommet .
the dream of many north koreans is simply to flee their own country
it brilliantly supports the aim of a common maritime policy to boost growth employment and sustainable development at the same time building on a firm knowledge base of maritime research
it can be paid out directly to organisations working in the field without the support of the third country
Si nous voulons que l' Ukraine choisisse l' option européenne , nous devons le dire clairement et la soutenir .
Les médicaments prescrits par le centre pour ma dépression m' ont rendue suicidaire . Je me rappelle avoir pensé : " Si je me tue , personne ne le remarquera . "
- Les nouveaux États membres doivent respecter les critères de convergence dans le but d’ introduire l’ euro .
Condamnation à mort infligée au personnel médical en Libye ( vote )
Il peut aussi de temps en temps rendre des services au cours des discussions directes au sein des commissions parlementaires .
Je veux donc souligner ce point .
the potato market suffers cyclical ups and downs leading to periodic price drops which seriously affect the production sector so europe needs to intervene to regulate this market
are you good at cooking
C' était comme une unité de soins intensifs dans l' eau .
it is really -- i mean i ca n't express to you how exquisite this object is
Et nous allons avoir une puissance de calcul abondante tandis que nous avancerons dans le 21ième siècle qui nous permettra de faire des choses comme simuler des régions du cerveau humain .
now it is dithering over vaccination
when we hear the phrase long gestation periods we have tended hitherto to think of elephants
Elle aperçut un bateau à rames au loin .
come on spit it out
Par cette directive , on organise enfin la collecte des déchets des navires quand ils mouillent dans les ports , et c' est un fait positif .
it is not coincidental at all because it all concerns the question are we going to take a new initiative or not
Il s' est bien terminé , je ne résiste pas à la tentation de le dire , pour mon pays , qui recevra à titre d' aides structurelles une moyenne annuelle légèrement supérieure à la moyenne annuelle enregistrée durant la période de 1994 à 1999 .
i welcome these new colleagues to the house and remind you of the normal procedures with regard to the verification of accreditation
La politique islamique est aujourd’hui en roue libre .
but the country ’s rampant violence has created an environment of insecurity that complicates everyday life for many mexicans
Enfin , je tiens à rappeler qu’ à la suite des évolutions positives sur le front nucléaire , l’ Union européenne est occupée à renouer les négociations avec le gouvernement iranien en matière de commerce , d’ investissement et d’ économie .
L' UE doit donc rapidement améliorer la sécurité maritime de manière efficace et crédible .
the heat was so intense that hoses were used to cool down firefighters fighting extremely close to the fire and with no protective clothing
i have referred to a constitution enabling europe to become a strong competitive partner in international relationships based on fundamental principles
it is a document that asserts or confirms our undertakings as regards reducing emissions and promoting alternative energies
Le domaine disposant du meilleur potentiel pour améliorer la santé n' est pas celui de l' avortement .
given these circumstances as one ngo working in burkina faso has expressed it how can we persuade people that international trade is the key to development in the countries of the south
Tu as l' âme d' un poète .
but we will be coming back to this in the new year and looking very carefully at what progress is being made
the greek government my colleague mr flynn and i myself are currently endeavouring to ensure that programmes with an alarmingly low take - up rate can still get under way
Disons : « S' il te plait répète ce processus . » Tiens le compte à nouveau .
so for me it 's important that we create a real conduit for innovation and that it 's free innovation
Je suis à Kampala et c' est moi qui suis salarié .
Il y a un portrait de Bob au mur .
let 's ask that mom to read the letter
meanwhile we should not neglect the need to protect natural resources
La coopération de la Communauté entend mettre l' accent sur les secteurs du transport et de la santé .
Le Conseil devra en tenir compte à l' avenir dans ses négociations s' il veut pouvoir compter sur notre soutien dans une procédure simplifiée !
i am sure that a man as courteous as you mr wurtz who has never blocked anything can understand what i am saying
as a married man he must think of the future
Ces journalistes couvraient des questions de justice sociale et de politique environnementale .
we know the intentions and the plans of the regional forces and tendencies which support separation and encourage it
Elle résume les résultats de la consultation , tire des conclusions quant à la politique et établit un plan d' action en vue de consultations futures .
then there are also of course our consumers libraries schools etc to be considered
native americans in the us - dineh
can you will yourself to fall asleep
i 'm learning the basque language
Je n' ai encore jamais assisté à cela dans le passé : tous les groupes s' alliant véritablement pour montrer qu' ils sont favorables à un partenariat transatlantique plus solide .
without free movement it would have stopped there but with no frontiers they contaminated portuguese and french cattle and we have known about it even here since 1986
we in the uk know the cost of the foot and mouth outbreak and how it brought both agriculture and tourism to their knees
J' entends des choses comme une pièce supplémentaire dans la maison , la cave , le café , la bibliothèque .
my mom does n't want me to play with you
Dans le même temps , nous devrions leur accorder une certaine flexibilité afin qu' ils puissent se concentrer sur certaines questions en fonction de leurs points forts et de leurs points faibles spécifiques .
Les grandes orientations de politique économique arrêtent le cadre général au sein duquel évoluent les lignes directrices pour l' emploi mais ce sont ces dernières qui définissent le cadre et les objectifs plus détaillés et proposent des stratégies individuelles .
Cette année , nous avons été soumis à des pressions de la part de la presse , avec des informations tantôt exactes , tantôt manipulées , qui tentaient d' influer dans notre travail .
last night someone broke into the small shop near my house
at the meeting of the specialised commission when the amendment was being discussed members of the latvian parliament behaved cheerfully
but despite the advent of true democratic elections liberia and all of west africa will be trapped in an unending cycle of violence unless taylor is put in the dock for war crimes
C' est précisément lorsque l' économie fonctionne au ralenti qu' il s' avère nécessaire de mettre les accords en pratique .
why do n't you answer your dad
it does not involve any extra costs for the ep as the representatives agreed to submit their claim the day before their speech at the plenary session
Vous recevez une incitation conçue pour vous concentrer et accélérer la créativité .
Il y a un code-barres sur chaque produit qui dit à l' ordinateur précisément ce qu' est le produit .
Ce sont de doux géants que j' ai eu le plaisir de rencontrer en face-à-face de nombreuses fois sous l' eau .
Je dois malheureusement signaler que , à la suite de cette analyse , nombre des recherches financées ont précisément été confiées en sous-traitance à des chercheurs universitaires .
Nous sommes contre l’ établissement de listes spéciales reprenant les entreprises qui ont délocalisé , car cette démarche va à l’ encontre des principes fondamentaux de l’ UE .
En fait , la Roumanie a signé l' accord intergouvernemental pour le projet Nabucco en juillet , avec la Turquie , la Bulgarie , la Hongrie et l' Autriche .
Ça a commencé à changer dans les années 30 quand ceci est devenu un des principaux lieux d' expression pour la musique .
J' ai eu toutes sortes de rats , souris , hamsters , gerbilles , écureuils .
Il reviendra au Japon au milieu du mois de mai .
that 's a trivial error
i keep this photograph close by to me --
Le fait que de tels praticiens de santé n' existent pas tels quels par exemple en Italie est peut - être dû à l' absorption de ces choses par d' autres mécanismes .
Et dans le cas de M. Marra , des documents qu' il avait publiés en sa qualité de député européen avaient , d' une façon complexe , provoqué des actions en justice ou des allégations judiciaires .
Nous devons être prêts à développer la coopération en politique communautaire .
Comme je l' ai dit , la mobilité des patients est un phénomène limité et nous ne nous attendons pas à un changement à ce niveau .
it would also be good if we had a regulatory agency for nuclear matters that could make pronouncements on safety and security according to the french model
De ce fait , le capitalisme d' entreprise devient rapidement obsolète , remplacé par le capitalisme créateur où l' esprit d' entreprise , associé à une plus grande volonté d' adopter les innovations , transforme le paysage du monde des affaires .
La baisse spectaculaire du dollar américain pourrait aider le pays à réduire son énorme déficit budgétaire , toutefois , ne nous attendons pas à une amélioration durable sans changements drastiques dans le mode de gestion américain .
Et imaginez le copier à la main .
Dans la plupart des maladies humaines , le stress oxydatif est seulement un symptôme , si bien que le lien entre la maladie et le stress oxydatif ne doit pas être exagéré .
Cette question a été discutée pendant longtemps , bien trop longtemps .
Je descends à la prochaine station .
i was playing tennis
Il existe une directive ; il y en avait une .
however we must try
Cette question est assurément importante et intéressante aux yeux des citoyens .
mr president i would like to thank mr bertens for his report
Pourtant , l' Union européenne n' a prévu de faire appel à leur participation financière limitée que dans la seule phase finale du projet , après qu' il aura été lancé et garanti par des fonds publics .
i 'm working on another case
Je suis persuadé qu' avec l' aide de vous tous nous réaliserons les objectifs énoncés dans cet article du traité .
Ce dont j' ai le moins besoin , c' est d' une coupe de cheveux .
Il est investi d' une mission très importante au Japon .
mr martin has hit upon the presidency 's intentions completely with the suggestion he made in his question
she devoted herself to him
i would also call on my friends to vote against the fourçans report although this distresses me greatly when i think about my friend mr fourçans
washington dc – south asia presents a depressing paradox
mr president i shall speak for less than thirty seconds
and guess which country leads the opposition to any significant opening up of european agriculture
Si nous travaillions plus dur et plus vite sur le troisième paquet ferroviaire , nous parviendrions peut - être à contribuer de manière plus significative à la sécurité que n’ importe laquelle des propositions illustrées aujourd’hui .
Quel genre de calendrier est prévu en vue de l' approbation de cette directive ?
Pourquoi ne discute - t - on pas du pour et du contre des résultats ?
Hey les gars qu' est -ce que vous -- oh , désolé .
La première était , " Putain qu' est ce que vous savez à propos de la garde nationale ? "
we 're not feeling it we 're thinking beauty is in the limbic system -- if that 's not an outmoded idea
one question must take precedence over all the others what do the people of kosovo want
indeed it is regrettable that 36 % of the 355 inquiries completed by the ombudsman in 2008 concern the lack of transparency of the european institutions and include cases in which requests for information were refused
OK . Alors pour la première j' étais très timide , et je commençais .
will those norms be based upon my values your values prevailing scientific views or perhaps the values of a political mastermind
Notre projet de résolution n’ a pas été facilité par le fait qu’ aucun de ces groupes ne souhaite la même chose - et qu’ ils poursuivent parfois des buts opposés .
Le paradoxe est que la BCE aurait pu assurer son indépendance en baissant ses taux d’ intérêt le 6 septembre ou le 4 octobre .
Le pouvoir central du parti s’ est totalement démantelé comme le prouve la nomination de trois premiers ministres en l’ espace d’ un peu plus d’ un année .
La science a été plus rapide .
mr wurtz presented us with an excellent analysis of american interests which would justify the us strategic defence programme
Après la chute du mur de Berlin , ils se rendirent compte que la réunification allemande n’ était possible que dans le contexte d’ une Europe unie , et ils étaient disposés à faire certains sacrifices pour obtenir l’ aval de l’ Europe .
then a little time - wasting idea came to mind
it is therefore important to take this opportunity to say that the consumption of wine must be encouraged in all the member states
this may sound strange but i 'm a big fan of the concrete block
and i admit the truth to them right up front i do n't know
it will not therefore be necessary to include the table as an integral part of the resolution
D' autre part , il faut quand même craindre que les problèmes informatiques des grandes entreprises , voire de l' administration publique , aient des répercussions massives sur les PME .
Un pays qui rassemblerait tous les indigents de l' UE compterait autant d' habitants que l' Allemagne .
Je reconnais les caractéristiques de la peinture néerlandaise décrites par le distingué Membre du Parlement , M. le Baron Crespo .
J' ai toujours le sentiment qu' en tant que parlementaires élus , nous devrions être les premiers mandataires de la population européenne .
that after all would be the logical conclusion to come to
so you 've got hair on your chest after all
Le Theremin : le premier instrument de musique électronique au monde , inventé par le physicien russe Lev Sergeïevitch Termen en 1920
when they joined the european union three member states made commitments that were complex both economically and socially to close their nuclear power plants for the first time without having the required financial capacity or experience
La Commission émet un jugement , très peu satisfaisant , sur le respect , de la part des gérants , des lignes directrices fixées par le Conseil en 1992 .
so they do it with this active tail as they swing around
J' espère que nous pourrons bientôt discuter de l' assurance parentale grâce à laquelle les hommes et les femmes assument une responsabilité égale dans les besoins familiaux et dans l' éducation des enfants .
like the others they are mothers in their own right and this applies moreover whether the child they adopt is under 12 months old or not we must avoid the kind of discrimination that appears in the text
as part of support for the idea of solidarity in times of need and suffering reflection is needed on how to prevent floods
at the moment there are 27 different regimes and approaches to solving this problem and of course we have no illusions that such a complicated question can be resolved in such a short time
my question is about the politics of this special employment summit
what are these institutions which are failing to live up to expectations
À la veille du prochain élargissement et face à l' évolution de la situation politique , c' est plus vrai que jamais .
at this second reading the most important point for me is the provision made for vessels in distress to be accepted at designated ports of refuge
so thanks to him
some are due to the crisis per se which started last spring
Il y a également lieu d' inclure les contributions sociales obligatoires " .
Après les vacances d' été et mes observations de l' évolution politique , je dirais simplement que votre tâche sera probablement des plus difficiles .
Nous avons tous suivi notre route .
in the coming year an increase of 20 % in the aid for bulgaria and romania is provided for
C' est devenu un projet d' écriture .
it is obvious that there is a wide gulf between germany 's demands for fair burden sharing and the spanish proposal to tap new sources of income
zimbabweans are starving 12.6 million are in need of food aid and the strikes and demonstrations which have been taking place are evidence of the failure of the international community to act effectively against mugabe
i 'm jon m. chu and i 'm not a dancer i 'm not a choreographer -- i 'm actually a filmmaker a storyteller
i ask council to press this specific case rather than just make generalized condemnations
have a good weekend
C' est la raison pour laquelle ce dispositif de loi est absolument essentiel tant pour la prospérité de l' Europe dans son ensemble que pour la prospérité des familles individuelles concernées .
Les serviettes sont sales .
on digital tv interoperability the compromise package goes towards parliament 's position by taking over much of the european parliament text
Toutefois , je voudrais remercier les groupes de travail de l' OIT pour la qualité de leurs travaux .
L' évolution en Belarus au cours de ces dernières années aurait très bien pu faire l' objet d' un roman à suspense , mais il s' agit bien de la réalité .
the first cultural value shift that we see is this tendency toward something we call liquid life
i can also tell you that the group of the greens will support the amendments submitted by ms hermange and probably also the oral amendment tabled by mr bushill - matthews
mr president ladies and gentlemen mr pirker 's report clearly and meticulously describes the worrying phenomenon of the consumption of new synthetic drugs
but seriously seriously we did get along
Si certains veulent mettre des propositions sur la table , on en discutera , mais on ne peut pas imposer des sanctions qui vont à l' encontre du traité de Lisbonne .
the negotiation directives should therefore mandate the commission to negotiate a provision ensuring that the union may accede to any of the additional protocols
the cubs which are taken are separated
Elle lui conseilla d' être ponctuel .
Il n' y a pas de vent , ici .
i 'll show you the car i 've just bought
Prenez des choses aussi compliquées que l' évolution des taux d' intérêt ou la suppression du surendettement des États .
i must say that knowing how difficult this is i am at least cautiously optimistic about the prospects of a serious and substantive meeting being hosted by the us this november
in other words the best way in my opinion to secure president klaus 's signature and the final ratification of the treaty is simply mrs malmström to go forward with the whole process and with implementation
Le Commissaire voudrait - il faire part de son sentiment vis-à-vis de cette proposition , s' il considère qu' elle est opportune et s' il souhaiterait participer à une telle table ronde ?
in writing - i voted in favour of the schmitt report on better schools
we do require that food provided to people in any circumstance is the most appropriate for the particular circumstances
instead the new comparative debate involves asia ’s two new economic demographic and political giants china and india
joint research networks of excellence mobility of students and researchers and the key programmes on life sciences renewable energy and the environment are vital
their timing was a bit odd considering that their move was made during the coreper meeting
do you shower every day
it is undeniably true that every state has a legitimate right to defend its own interests so that every country has a government which is well disposed towards it
his wife seems to be foreigner
mr president i voted for this report because it is important for us to intervene wherever anything harms our environment
Nous devons à présent , tout comme par le passé , garantir un niveau élevé de sécurité .
Ainsi , c' est l' une des conclusions générales sur pourquoi les sociétés prennent des mauvaises décisions : A cause de conflits d' intérêts .
it 's about creating with minimal means something which can not be repeated can not be simulated in any other sphere
please tell me about them
how many times and in how many places has this now happened
and i took a picture of his shoes and we thanked each other and just went on our way
we know what the problem is instability on the markets as the result of speculation
it is stated for example that the ongoing privatisation processes in the applicant countries could jeopardise the status of conservation areas and the future of biological diversity
L’ impact de la mondialisation a des conséquences positives et négatives .
J' ai voulu travailler cet été .
De plus , ce qui détermine la poursuite ou l’ abandon des études dépend de la façon avec laquelle les étudiants s’ identifient à l’ idée d’ être scolarisé .
L' ordre du jour appelle la question orale posée par Katerina Batzeli et Erna Hennicot - Schoepges à la Commission sur l' état des lieux sur la réforme des Écoles européennes - B6 - 0454/2008 ) .
Il faut montrer , à la fois aux États membres et aux artistes producteurs et utilisateurs , que tout le monde se trouve dans le même bateau et qu' il faut ramer ensemble avec force pour que le bateau arrive à bon port .
i therefore applaud the initiative and content of this report which my friend mr generoso andria tabled to the house and which the house myself included voted for today
Toutes ces personnes ont entre 20 et 30 ans , et ils sont le moteur qui fait tourner la découverte scientifique dans ce pays .
Cette résolution qui , soit dit en passant , a le soutien du Parlement européen et de mon pays , l' Irlande , propose un nouveau mode de pensée afin de promouvoir efficacement la cause d' un monde débarrassé du nucléaire .
Cette manche est tellement difficile .
Et maintenant , Madame la Commissaire : bonne chance .
Nous cherchons à éliminer la publicité en faveur des produits du tabac , car il s' agit d' une action qui établira une réelle différence entre la vie et la mort pour certains citoyens européens , particulièrement pour ceux qui sont les plus vulnérables .
La démocratie est le gouvernement du peuple , par le peuple , et pour le peuple .
En raison de quatre milliards de personnes dont le revenu est de moins de deux dollars par jour .
Un élément qui faisait défaut ( il n' y est fait référence qu' à un endroit ) était la vision du Conseil et de la Commission à ce sujet .
Dans cinquante ans , il est possible que nos mondes soient prêts à se rencontrer , mais pas avant .
it is true that sabena only offer a business class service on this route
there is no one who can offer a timely and above all authoritative view on which forecast is the more compelling scenario
even marx knew that the iron laws of economics could not be overcome by wishful thinking
Objet : Création d' un observatoire de la violence envers les femmes
galileo has proved to be a tremendous success and i hold the view that it is vital for europe to continue to invest in this key technology into the future
Comment se fait - il que le Soleil , à 150 millions de km , influence d' une certaine manière le mouvement de la Terre ?
-Vu l’ heure , chers collègues , je vous propose de suspendre les votes .
at the same time i would like to thank the presidency for taking on board a number of points which i suggested as a former rapporteur for human rights
both began their careers as malay nationalists who sought to promote the rights of the malay majority after the british left
Nous devons garder à l’ esprit que le code de conduite requis pour ce transfert aux partis politiques doit être finalisé très prochainement .
Je propose donc , Monsieur le Président , que nous discutions pour une fois sérieusement du cinéma dans cette enceinte .
this goal is laid out in the copenhagen accord which now has the agreement of 140 countries
if we are prepared to do so our public image will be quite different
the european commission should therefore be able to participate in the construction of port and airport infrastructure to provide links between regions
Comment allez - vous à l' école ?
that is why we have no faith in your good intentions
L' élargissement incorpore des peuples historiquement européens et renforce la position de l' Union européenne dans le monde ; mais l' affaiblissement de la cohésion économique et sociale peut provoquer des fractures qui remettent en cause la construction européenne .
the commission intends to fulfil these fundamental objectives and has been working on them for several months
the agreements were signed on 26 october 2004 in luxembourg and augur well for the continuing development of relations between the eu and switzerland
Certains points ont déjà été soulevés .
Voilà pourquoi nous ne sommes pas satisfaits et pourquoi nous pensons que nous avons laissé passer notre chance .
my favorite example is a pair of psychologists who did research on left - handers and published some data showing that left - handers are on average more susceptible to disease more prone to accidents and have a shorter lifespan
Nous pouvons avoir des désaccords et discuter de manière constructive , mais nous le faisons dans le respect des règles et des procédures .
De plus , c' est tout notre processus de Barcelone relatif au bassin méditerranéen qui est en jeu .
and this was fascinating
Et il est certain que des négociations débouchant sur une formule de ce type régleront le problème , qui n’ est pas le problème majeur .
when the waters subsided it was as if it had never existed
unfortunately our attention is diverted from where it matters
Alors , je dirai qu' on aura recours à la même procédure que celle promise à M. Habsburg .
are you free after school
pg witness was born of technological innovation -- in a sense the small portable dv cam was really what allowed it to come into being
so the legend lives on
Je suis profondément intéressé par l' art .
thirdly this debate shows a massive conformity of views
Il faut également prévoir un contrôle des installations avant leur ouverture et durant leur fonctionnement .
Nous nous réjouissons d' être présents à la conférence régionale de La Haye ainsi qu' à la conférence sur le Pakistan , qui se tiendra à Tokyo .
Nous devons appeler les deux parties à cesser les hostilités et les combats parce qu' il est clair que les négociations constituent la seule manière de régler le problème .
if the bulk of people have to wear a seatbelt in a coach but those at the back in a so - called cosy corner do not have to wear one it simply does not make sense
in tehran the country 's political heart and soul less than a third of the electorate turned out
i think that germany would be better off in a decade under more neo - liberal policies
perhaps they can find it out now
L' Union européenne est effectivement le premier partenaire commercial du Brésil qui est , pour sa part , le principal bénéficiaire des investissements de l' Union européenne en Amérique latine .
education does n't consist of learning a lot of facts
british prime minister tony blair says that europe should be a partner not a servant or a rival of the us
the rest of the world must not turn a blind eye to authoritarian backsliding
Avez - vous passé un bon été ?
the eu unemployment rate for women in the eu-27 rose to 9.6 % with the rate of youth unemployment reaching 21 %
Je peux transmettre votre question à mes collègues et , éventuellement , les inviter à procéder à une étude qui nous permette de comparer la situation qui prévaut dans chaque pays .
the eu 's credibility is at stake here
M. Bolkestein déclare ensuite que la politique d' asile de l' Union européenne ne parvient pas à démarrer .
Il y a des écoles , mais il n' y a pas de papier .
and it was an environmental improvement because for instance in 1903 they outlawed horses and buggies in downtown manhattan because you can imagine what the roads look like when you have a million horses and a million of them urinating and doing other things and the typhoid and other problems created were almost unimaginable
so thank you for your concern
Le capital - investissement est un capital à risque .
i believe these questions must be answered so that we can tackle the issue methodically and in accordance with our objectives
Le Parlement a la responsabilité d' établir un statut pour ses députés ( en matière de salaires , de pensions , d' assurance sociale et de soins de santé , d' impôts et d' immunités ) .
Si l' Union veut se conformer à sa devise " Unité dans la diversité " , elle doit donner au multilinguisme une place d' honneur , allant au - delà des seules langues officielles .
the dot - com bubble was n't a threat to the banking system as such but rather a threat to aggregate demand
Nous devons peut - être mieux définir la plus - value des politiques européennes , travailler encore davantage sur la qualité de la dépense communautaire , concentrer davantage nos dépenses , assurer une meilleure coordination entre la dépense communautaire , la dépense européenne et la dépense nationale .
De même , le quota proposé de 525 millions d' euros pour les crédits de paiement des fonds structurels .
unlike in venezuela there is a viable scenario in which both visions -- macroeconomic orthodoxy and greater social justice -- can be realized
perhaps eventually our relationship with china will also be based on our common values of democracy human rights and the rule of law we can but hope
he asks that for the time being these states suspend the sending back of these refugees until the situation in algeria changes
the purpose of the united kingdom ’s initiative is to locate the college ’s seat in bramshill following on from the political agreement at the council and to establish a permanent secretariat to assist cepol
Pour ce qui est à présent des points très précis soulevés par M. Smith , je m' efforcerai de fournir un certain nombre de précisions quant au fond de la question , qui revêt une nature technique complexe .
La nouvelle de sa mort a déclenché une profonde consternation dans tout le pays .
Vous êtes trop vifs . Trop vifs . Non . Attendez , attendez .
Toute mesure à court terme doit être accompagnée par l' adoption et , plus important , par la mise en œuvre effective de mesures stratégiques à long terme .
do you imagine commissioner that the way in which you have handled the issue promotes substantial interinstitutional cooperation
M. Camdessus , directeur général du FMI , a publiquement déclaré que l' ONU n' était que l' un des quatre piliers du système mondial .
C' est également l' une des demandes formulées par l' Union lors des négociations à l' OMC .
your excellency president pöttering honourable members of parliament ladies and gentlemen
C' est étrange que tu le saches .
Il y a des centaines de milliers , des millions de personnes qui sont considérées .
Tel est , vous le savez , l' objectif de la présidence , en liaison avec l' extension du vote à la majorité qualifiée .
L' ensemble de l' Agenda 2000 et , notamment , le rapport sur les ressources propres , la programmation des Fonds et la représentation externe de l' euro , ont été reportés .
Donc , si nous étions 29 dans cette salle , nous pourrions voter et personne ne pourrait nous en empêcher , mais parce que nous sommes plus de 32 , nous ne pouvons pas voter !
Nous ne pouvons pas nous contenter d’ attendre deux autres années avant de mettre en œuvre les dispositions .
B5 - 0420/2002 , de M. Wiersma , au nom du groupe PSE , sur la liberté de la presse au Belarus ;
it is that balance that makes us in the greens / ale group think it obvious that we must say no to this agreement now
this is an important point because it shows that we should be focusing more on the standards applicable to trapping in europe
Celui - ci s' est avéré fort compliqué au début en raison de ses implications , mais la Présidence nous a convaincus qu' il en valait la peine .
of course the work of the convention - drawing up a complete european constitution - is vast but it was the convention that wanted it that way
Sur les quatre millions d' habitants que comptait le pays , on estime qu' un quart serait parti à l' étranger à la recherche de travail .
Voyons si ces groupes peuvent se réunir autour de certaines idées . "
La Serbie-et-Monténégro ne peut pas se rapprocher de l’ Europe sans cela .
to make matters worse it began to rain
what this means is our economy is unsustainable
Dans toute l' histoire des États - Unis , nous n' avons jamais eu le moindre plan énergétique .
i must state very clearly that eu defence procurement groups are producing land mines
it must be harnessed to the achievement of improved qualitative and sustainable growth improved social cohesion and a better cheaper more effective service for citizens
C' est fou ! Ta mère parle 6 langues .
this time however i must disagree with what mrs frassoni said in her speech
La coalition conservateurs - libéraux hérite , de l’ avis général , de la pire situation économique d’ après - guerre , avec un déficit public abyssal qui semble s’ approfondir de jour en jour maintenant que de nouveaux ministres commencent à évaluer par eux - mêmes l’ état des finances publiques .
for that reason i categorically oppose proposals legislation and amendments which undermine the fundamental nature of the cap and go against the principles of economic and social cohesion and solidarity
Cela en dit beaucoup à propos d' elle .
L’ impression donnée par le rapport de la baronne Nicholson sur la Roumanie est différente . Le contraste est même saisissant .
Les cadets sont en général les plus beaux .
many of you probably subscribe to our polite cultural belief that we should respect religion but i also suspect that a fair number of those secretly despise religion as much as i do
La société mexicaine ne doit pas voir en l' Union européenne un accusateur mais un allié loyal dans la coopération afin de résoudre les conflits .
En outre , nous avons repris la formulation quant à l’ exercice d’ une autorité publique , conformément à l’ article 45 du traité CE .
that sounds all well and good we must hope that it will also become a reality
unity throughout the house
the old behaviour patterns resurfaced
thirdly a question which bears no relation to this issue but is highly topical and if you wish you can answer us
Nous devons toutefois trouver un équilibre .
Et si -- Nathan : Il arrive . Ouais !
it madam president i should like to have something clarified
we must see to it that the weaker members of society who can not afford to buy those types of car whose purchase we are encouraging are not penalised through higher payments
Peut - être comprendrez - vous quel taux de rentabilité cela implique lorsque les usines sont contraintes de tourner à seulement 9 % de leur capacité .
mr president how should and how will the european union 's common fisheries policy look after 2002
the milk strike is growing in size in the countries of europe with its striking images of milk poured away into the fields
we are currently seeing a failure to apply the law as it stands in the case of the stability and growth pact and that leads me to suspect that progress reports will not be enough
in short i am voting in favour of the rapporteur 's excellent report because of the many positive elements it contains and because we must never stop investigating how to make the eu more open and democratic
Ils ont trente minutes de retard d' après l' horaire prévu .
two grievous economic policy errors were committed during yeltsin 's presidency
Le problème avec ce modèle économique , c' est que 95 % de la population mondiale n' a pas 500 dollars .
Ces zones ne sont pas prévues pour les héberger et personne ne peut ni ne doit vivre dans une zone de non-droit .
En tant que député irlandais , je voudrais rappeler à l' Assemble que l' ironie politique est un trait très apprécié en Irlande .
J' ai cependant deux objections majeures .
only time will tell if this plan will work i.e. whether greece will turn out to be illiquid but solvent conditional on credible fiscal austerity and structural reforms and with the help of large amounts of financial support
Les moyens d’ y parvenir pourraient comprendre l’ aide d’ État , les incitations fiscales , les droits de propriété intellectuelle , les Fonds structurels et de cohésion et les capitaux à risques et spéculatifs , qui sont certainement l’ un des problèmes .
resource efficiency is the name of the problem and resource efficiency is at the core of our future competitiveness in europe
in conclusion ladies and gentlemen votes are what counts not shouting in the streets and the signs are encouraging
not all of the safeguards we called for were inserted and the draft directive on defendants rights sat for many years in the council 's in - tray
Je souhaite brièvement expliquer ce qu' il s' est passé à la commission des budgets lors de notre lecture .
such behaviour in contempt of the rule of law is a direct result of the commission 's sense of superiority towards the nations that make up the council
we need strict enforcement of legislation on combating money laundering and on the freezing of terrorist assets and the ratifying of the convention on mutual assistance in criminal matters concerning the monitoring of bank accounts
Et la raison en est que ces hormones , comme l' insuline et l' IGF , et le mécanisme du TOR , sont essentielles .
Et bien sûr , parmi les données que reçoit l' hippocampe , on trouve des cellules qui projettent dans l' hippocampe , qui réagissent exactement à la détection des limites ou des bords à des distances ou des directions particulières du rat ou de la souris quand il explore son environnement .
J' aimerais retirer ma veste .
Tout le monde sait que mon groupe parlementaire et la gauche européenne ont , jusqu' à présent , soutenu la demande d' adhésion de la Turquie à l' Union européenne , tout en soutenant le processus de réforme dans ce pays .
and the unimaginable happened it became the first car to ever return from a darpa grand challenge winning stanford 2 million dollars
at this stage i can only extend to you the offer of this close and trusting cooperation
En biologie , le carbone a le rôle principal .
Les usines automobiles allemandes haut de gamme fonctionnent aujourd’hui à plein régime .
L’ objectif ne sera pas atteint .
Or , la Commission a pris un nouveau retard important et elle demande aujourd'hui une extension illimitée dans le temps de son mandat pour effectuer la migration .
finally the third question is whether we want this particular constitutional treaty
this approach implies that more can be done to reduce systemic risk beyond reforming how risk is measured and capital buffers determined
La forme exacte que cela prendra dépend à présent largement d’ eux , puisque nous avons prévu une énorme marge de flexibilité .
once in the building people are freely able to walk around and have unrestricted access to private offices
on the contrary it makes an effort sometimes against serious odds to change the sentenced prisoner 's behaviour pattern that had led to the person 's conflict with the law
iran claims that its nuclear program is aimed solely at peaceful uses and that it has the right to develop uranium enrichment and other technologies as a signatory of the nuclear non - proliferation treaty npt
this text simply needs to be modified in accordance with the other versions - i have seen the english the french and the german
we can not deny that there is a certain danger involved here
Il ne fait aucun doute que la pauvreté est la source , ou au moins un facteur aggravant , de certains des nombreux problèmes auxquels le pays est confronté .
fg no no wait a minute
i particularly welcome the creation of a domain name .kid which would provide a secure internet area regularly monitored by an independent authority
Des jeunes Moscovites manifestent en portant des banderoles disant « Ca suffit de nourrir le Caucase ! » .
Le grand penseur politique britannique du 19ème siècle , John Stuart Mill , préconisait un gouvernement libéral sans multipartisme .
china is by far the largest emerging - market economy with 1.6 million households that can be called “ rich ” defined as having annual disposable income of more than $ 150,000
but chinese fdi especially in sensitive sectors like energy does often trigger congressional hearings ad hoc resolutions and calls for tougher cfius action
he will still retain that conviction even if he fails although the price he will pay is certain to be high
Mon rôle se limite par contre à aider à débusquer les cas de mauvaise administration et à tenter d' y remédier .
it is actually very important for these two european industrial sectors to work together given that the competitiveness of european industry is at stake
Il faut le clamer haut et fort .
part of lugovoi ’s acclaim is derived from the fact that the list of unspeakable crimes committed by the late alexander litvinenko in the course of his brief life is growing longer in russian media reports with every passing day
why do the algerians bolt into france whereas many of them contributed to pushing france out by the same methods of assassination which are currently practised against algerians today
and we have taken pictures like this
La politique énergétique revêt une importance telle qu’ elle doit être débattue comme il se doit .
most of them are completely ignored by the remembering self
the proposal aims at stronger governance which must certainly be held in due consideration during moments of particular crisis
Le marché de l’ emploi restera souffreteux , avec peu d’ emplois créés et un sentiment de malaise gagnant les consommateurs .
the employment and growth initiative is a joint success of the european parliament and the council
industry acts as a magnet for other economic activities making its location a key factor in the development of many regions
the proposed changes will readjust our system of accounting to the new policies that have been devised
C' est un complet bricolage , si vous me demandez .
indeed the previous method may have been better but this did not prevent a serious crisis and the commission 's being criticized on the grounds of insufficient inspection measures
Vous ne pouvez porter atteinte , par le biais de textes d' application dont le contenu , l' objectif et la portée ne sont pas définis au préalable , et avec le concours des bureaucraties nationales , au pouvoir législatif du Parlement européen .
Plusieurs centaines de crânes comme celui - ci ont été trouvés sur différents sites archéologiques partout dans le monde , vieux de 5 à 10 mille ans .
Monsieur le Président , je voudrais féliciter les rapporteurs pour leurs rapports et les remercier de leur approche déterminée et je pense tout particulièrement au collègue Bennasar Tous .
Le communisme a manifestement été un instrument de la domination soviétique des sociétés conquises , mais également un modus vivendi pour une majorité de nations contraintes à certaines conditions de vie .
the rights of members must be defended by the chair not abrogated by the chair at every hand 's turn
it never left my brain
Est -ce une idée à laquelle vous croyez , et comment la définiriez vous ?
there are already initiatives enabling the commercial scrapping on market terms of ships in europe in an environmentally responsible manner
however the proposal put before us today after some prevarication only amounts to eur 60 million furthermore this will come from the existing budget
let us not talk about friendship as proposed by mr méndez de vigo
Les critères de Copenhague s’ appliquent , intégralement et sans modification , à la Turquie comme à tous les autres pays candidats .
this is sculpture that i made that -- it 's magnetically levitated
Je pense que nous devrions élever les enfants , en faire des entrepreneurs plutôt que des avocats .
Enfin , la politique de cohésion doit également faire l' objet d' une meilleure communication afin que les citoyens européens comprennent l' importance des fonds structurels dans les grands projets de cohésion territoriale et sociale .
we believe that an efficient internal market in the eu is important
first of all i hope that the european charter for small enterprises will finally have legal status
in the context of the current political and economic debate on financial markets it is important for the commission to interpret this recommendation in this sense committing itself to defending the quality of european financial markets
En Bulgarie , un des nouveaux États membres , la question de la sécurité sociale est particulièrement d' actualité .
we must therefore derive some satisfaction from the progress for which we shall hopefully vote tomorrow
Nous devons faire en sorte qu' une crise de cette ampleur ne puisse plus se produire .
Il nota tous les détails .
in the left femur the left thigh bone there 's another one
Mes propos ont été tout à fait mal interprétés .
Elle rend nos marchés du travail moins compétitifs et moins flexibles .
that was until the 1970s where we had the last energy crisis
three years ago anyone in this house who said that this would really be happening today would definitely have been called crazy
words and promises mean nothing without actions outside of brussels and in the roma settlements
L’ adopter après l’ élargissement pourrait avoir pour conséquence de reporter l’ adoption de la législation à venir de plusieurs années , ce qui pourrait entraîner une augmentation des activités illégales .
the pace of reform is the main issue
the european council has repeatedly confirmed that kosovo shares a european perspective with the rest of the western balkans
La mise en œuvre effective de cette directive et la correction des déficiences constatées lors de la transposition et de l' application des directives précédentes permettraient de proposer aux citoyens de l' Union européenne une protection plus complète contre la discrimination .
Je suis copain avec son frère .
Nous savons que les chiffres relatifs aux blessures par piqûres d' aiguilles de seringue sont inférieurs à la réalité et c' est un point important : les estimations vont de 40 à 75 % , ce qui est énorme .
Voici les réelles catacombes de Paris .
giving them four hours of quiet time at the office is going to be incredibly valuable
Est -ce que cette jeune femme connait M. Darcy ?
just like the member states in the council we started out with very diverse views and a different understanding but sustainable compromises emerged from our discussions
the eu which allows such contamination
the recent implementation plan that you referred to must be binding and must not be delayed due to financial or national considerations
Vous faites quelque chose d' important pour l' UE , plus que les personnes qui entament des discussions qui n' ont pour effet que de renforcer et de soutenir un régime corrompu qui devrait être aboli .
i think we should also say that it was very positive to have the very strong majority that was shown in the referendum a convincing majority of 67.1 % and with a high turnout as high as 59 %
the discussions on the future of the esf are at a decisive stage now
25 % de toutes les plantes du monde d' ici 2020 .
this would also be defensible without a change of legal base provided that it could be shown that it was genuinely necessary in order to manage the cmo for agricultural alcohol that we should have the data for synthetic alcohol
can you call me a taxi
Plusieurs d' entre vous ont dit que ce rapport ne parle pas de l' efficacité de l' utilisation des fonds .
extremism xenophobia and racism often rear their ugly heads with governments either impotent or unwilling to curb them
M. Cornelissen peut être rassuré que nous ne nous contentons pas de saisir les occasions pour soulever et mettre en relief la question , mais que nous créons également plusieurs occasions dans cette optique .
C' est donc devenu son nom scientifique officiel , en référence à son habitude de loger en profondeur .
J' appuie le rapport de Mme Ferreira sur la prévention et la correction des déséquilibres macroéconomiques .
maybe we can do it maybe it 's possible -- who knows
we ate cotton candy at the state fair
Des entreprises ont délocalisé leurs activités dans des régions où la main - d’ œuvre est moins chère , ou les ont sous-traitées , ce qui a également causé des pertes d’ emploi .
Ce choix a , à mes yeux , puissamment conforté le sentiment latent selon lequel les Quinze considéreraient les pays d' Europe centrale comme des membres de second ordre .
these really have to be studied carefully before i can judge what he said and what it means
for example are emissions rights securities
J' ai entendu cette chanson tellement de fois à la radio que je me suis mis à la détester .
Certains plans de relance sont basés sur la mise en circulation d’ argent frais , tandis que d’ autres correspondent à des engagements antérieurs .
i sneaked up behind her
" Et donc vous avez des seringues propres sur vous ? "
Les couches vulnérables de la population n’ acquièrent pas une protection sociale accrue , mais au contraire on dénombre de plus en plus d’ exclus .
many projects have catered to us corporate interests rather than to sustainable development
however the monitoring report describes abuses committed by the police and law enforcement authorities in both countries
Premièrement , le modèle en matière de politique de sécurité est envisagé dans une perspective militaire et non politique , civile et coopérative . Le point concernant la politique de sécurité préventive et civile ne peut nous tromper .
En fait c' était un numéro sur la médecine régénérative .
En fait , les débats sur l’ utilisation de la terminologie religieuse tend à crédibiliser les efforts fondamentalistes pour appliquer ces idées aux conditions du monde moderne .
C' est cette relation à l' humain que Charles et Ray ont toujours trouvée partout .
Dans un contexte de réduction des dépenses publiques , les apports de fonds de l' UE sont vitaux pour les régions britanniques .
Comme on peut s' y attendre , ni la Russie ni la Chine ne seront invitées à le rejoindre : en fait , McCain veut exclure la Russie du G8 .
they come from us
Les deux - tiers sont allés jusqu' à 450 volts . Ce n' était qu' une seule étude .
Ce modèle semble équitable : si l' on exploite des dons naturels tels que la beauté ou le génie scientifique , pourquoi pas les tissus ?
Dans le cadre d' une Union élargie , ce grand défi sera évidemment encore plus ambitieux .
this model is not convincing because it lacks sufficient justification
we are very quick to point out how that relationship can work for us of course but we do not point out quite so often what we have to do to strengthen it and work within it
Je vais te cuisiner un bon repas .
Toutefois , le groupe PSE émet aussi une réserve de principe .
Il est essentiel que l' homéopathie soit également incluse en tant que traitement médical au sein du programme d' action communautaire dans le domaine de la santé publique .
we 've seen that dna learns in a sense it accumulates information
yes because there are also specific european industrial sectors that are proving that they do
Enfin , Israéliens et Palestiniens doivent également calmer le jeu et amorcer une désescalade du conflit .
Il y a dans le monde des intérêts européens et trop peu de partisans dans le corps diplomatiques du Conseil pour les défendre .
En d' autres termes , nous voulons être sûrs que la participation de l' UE à l' initiative PPLE est globale et conforme aux chiffres établis dans ce cadre .
Donne - moi le ballon !
even though the neafc is performing better than other rfmos the status of the main fish stocks in the convention area is at a critical point
it must therefore fall into line with the other institutions as quickly as possible and explain to parliament - and therefore citizens - how its budget is actually managed
Tant les nouveaux membres que les États déjà membres en ont profité .
Au cours du temps , le plupart du carbone organique de la planète a été absorbé et stocké là , principalement par des microbes .
C' est une directive qui pourrait s' avérer utile à cet égard , établir les normes que les gouvernements devront appliquer .
Si nous ne parvenons pas à la « vendre » à nos concitoyens , elle ne valait pas un seul verre de champagne Justus Lipsius .
thank you for your words of praise for the european parliament 's work
in order for military and police forces to form part of the occupying armies all that is needed is for different hats to be worn and for the name to be changed to un forces
so in this project we actually developed some small tags to track trash as it moves through the system
La raison pour laquelle je le dis , c' est que j' espère qu' il continue à discuter avec ses collègues de l' approche à soumettre à l' arbitrage le 25 septembre .
Les dispositions proposées par la Commission sont , à mon avis , beaucoup trop souples .
Il s’ agit peut - être du premier budget qui prévoit une telle augmentation pour les trois programmes fondamentaux destinés à la jeunesse - Socrates , Leonardo et YOUTH .
she has been dating him for about two years
au nom du groupe ALDE . - ( EN ) Monsieur le Président , la relation transatlantique est la plus importante de l' Europe .
Le problème est de savoir comment garantir l' accès à l' éducation pour des centaines de millions d' enfants , comment l' éducation peut - elle servir le développement .
Donner rend plus heureux que recevoir .
developing a knowledge - based economy is the only means of enhancing the competitiveness of the european economy
while preventing cervical cancer might seem a genuine benefit critics charge that the program seems to be mainly about meeting targets rather than serving the health - care needs of disadvantaged groups
i 've got to keep opening boxes i do n't know what 's inside them until i open them
Les amendements 15 et 16 peuvent également être en partie acceptés .
as the precise sequence of events is still unclear we call for a thorough and rigorous investigation into the attempt on his life and an inquiry into the failure of the security system
given the importance of the subject migration is one of the five priorities of the country strategy paper covering the period 2002 to 2006 for financial cooperation with morocco
Je voudrais tout d' abord préciser que je suis étonné de constater qu' aucun représentant de mon groupe n' ait pu s' exprimer au nom de celui - ci durant la première partie du débat .
when a tire loses its treads it 's time to buy a new one
criminals responsible for genocide should be pursued by international special forces so they can be tried before a court of law
Il est inacceptable que 15 % des citoyens européens , soit environ 68 millions de personnes , vivent exposées au risque de pauvreté , tel que le décrit le rapport de la Commission européenne publié le 27 janvier 2005 .
Concernant mes heures de départ , la réponse à votre question est oui : si c' est pour faire mon devoir , je considère toujours que cela vaut la peine de me lever tôt .
Or , le rapport de la Commission , Madame la Commissaire , sur la mise en œuvre de la politique de voisinage , ne peut pas être satisfaisant en la matière . Il y a un vrai " deux poids , deux mesures " .
but they were empty
i want him to go there
Hommes et femmes de terrain , nous sommes ouverts au dialogue et à la concertation , mais nous ne pourrons juger que sur les actes et non sur les beaux discours .
mr president i would like to thank mr monfils for the successful work he has done in drafting this report
i would certainly hope those parts of the rich world that still maintain such barriers will be strongly urged by the commission to adopt a policy such as we have done here within the european union
Il est très important que la Commission fasse à ce moment particulier une communication sur les ressources .
Compte tenu des circonstances , en effet , votre intervention n' a pas pu avoir l' écoute voulue parce que chacun attendait le vote .
J' ai horreur de faire du sport .
Pour ma part , je n' ai pas essayé , dans le rapport , de recommander des modifications de grande envergure du texte , simplement parce que nous attendons les rapports de Mme Bozkurt et Mme Lambert sur le règlement de 2003 .
Nous nous trouvons dans une situation où les droits des citoyens sont amplement respectés dans les États membres de l' Union , mais où il existe encore certaines différences juridiques et des obstacles pratiques à la pleine expression de la citoyenneté européenne .
Il est étonnant que le gouvernement iranien n’ ait pas opté immédiatement pour la transparence , en communiquant rapidement l’ intégralité des informations demandées sur le scrutin , dont lui seul dispose .
Leurs citoyens le méritent plus que jamais et nous n' avons aucune raison de penser le contraire .
Ainsi , le Fonds mondial est un instrument très utile pour s' engager dans la lutte contre les maladies au niveau mondial , et la proposition actuelle est que l' UE y participe à concurrence de 35 millions .
discrimination against women in the labour market is not only non - productive but prevents the development of women as individuals of women as a group and of society as a whole
Je tiens également à remercier M. Hernández Mollar pour avoir intégré l’ avis de la commission juridique et du marché intérieur , qui est le fruit d’ une analyse en profondeur globale , d’ un large débat et d’ une grande maîtrise de la question .
C' est un choix difficile .
Le napalm brule plutôt bien .
however we can not support the creation of rapid border intervention teams
Je veux aussi dire ma satisfaction de voir M. Ehud Barak tenir ses engagements de campagne et reprendre le chemin tracé par M. Itzak Rabin .
i do not however object to it totally as i think it is good that the present confused situation regarding conditions for granting software patents is to be clarified
it is also incompatible with the ambitions which should be priorities in the current climate of rising unemployment and socio - economic recession
the recent agreement by the basel committee on banking supervision on a new capital - adequacy framework is another positive step
it might not be our intention to depart from our successful horizontal regulations because these are good for innovation and encourage consumer choice
it is galling to realise that a single lit match can potentially destroy thousands of hectares of fine forest
Nous invitons les autorités ukrainiennes à améliorer les conditions carcérales et à mettre fin à la détention arbitraire ainsi qu’ aux périodes de détention préventive excessivement longues .
if you look at when the funds were used you can see that a considerable percentage were not used until the last few weeks of the year
C' est comme en sport : nous devons avoir les meilleurs chercheurs du monde , comme nous gagnerons avec les meilleurs joueurs du monde .
La participation de la Hongrie à un programme communautaire concernant les médias revêt de l' importance parce que , comme nous le savons tous , la liberté des médias est cruciale pour une démocratie .
it is right and proper to issue a reminder as commissioner lamy did this morning of the need to submit to multilateral disciplines
Nous avons rédigé une résolution commune qui couvre les points les plus importants .
twenty years ago robert axelrod used the prisoner 's dilemma as a probe of the biological question if we are here because our ancestors were such fierce competitors how does cooperation exist at all
hopefully with goodwill on all sides the matter can be brought to a satisfactory conclusion in the near future
even if you do n't like it you 'll have to get used to this
there is a commission communication of 19 april which deals with the problems caused by fiscal obstacles for crossborder pensions
china is resurgent and only one country – north korea – ignores it and its goal of a korean peninsula free of nuclear weapons
can it be that a white horse is not a horse
Personne à l' école ne voulait en entendre parler , surtout le directeur .
de mr president ladies and gentlemen on - call time is working time as the european court of justice rightly ruled
i simply have n't the time to do everything i want to do
but at the same time it was tragic to have to witness the extent of the street violence
J' espère que la Commission pourra nous donner ces assurances ce matin .
this report supports the european arms agency established last monday by the council of ministers
Fous de douleur et de rage , les États - Unis exerceraient une terrible vengeance .
Cette tentative de pénalisation s' inscrit dans la perspective des élections législatives de septembre 2002 , où , selon certaines estimations , le Parti communiste de Slovaquie pourrait franchir le seuil de 5 % des voix , obtenant ainsi une représentation parlementaire .
if we are not ready how can we expect others to be
Nous devons bien regarder où se trouve l' argent dans l' agriculture et le Fonds de cohésion , et en consacrer bien plus aux aspects nécessaires , tels que les accords sur la stratégie UE 2020 .
i 'm showing here venus earth and mars -- three planets in our own solar system that are roughly the same size but only one of which is really a good place to live
Il faut également renforcer le dialogue social en habilitant les syndicats et le comité d' entreprise européen d' Opel , qui font preuve d' une bonne dose de responsabilité commune .
but what 's awesome is as i started getting more and more and more of them all of a sudden i had 30 40 voices from around the world
Nous devrions toutefois octroyer à ces États les aides concrètes nécessaires sur la voie vers l' UE afin que cette indispensable quête d' identité ne s' opère pas avant tout par opposition à des minorités ou des voisins .
it is the source of almost 50 % of the world 's catches as well as a variety of mineral deposits such as metals oil and gas
Il a rapporté au Sunday Times - ce que nous savons tous aujourd'hui - comment se présentait le potentiel israélien en armes nucléaires .
HSBC a également annoncé un investissement majeur dans les assurances Ping An qui pourrait préparer le terrain pour des expériences avec Bancassurance à l’ avenir .
La Commission ne peut dès lors soutenir les amendements portant sur ce sujet .
Il n' est pas bien vu par ses supérieurs .
L' UE , par cette proposition , se rend directement coupable d' un acte illégal .
in an interesting photo their father while we were talking to him picked up a syringe and pricked his finger -- i do n't know whether you can see the drop of blood on the end -- and immediately whipped out a box of matches lit one and burned the blood off the end of his finger giving me full assurance that that was the way that you stopped the transmission of hiv
Monsieur le Président , Monsieur le Commissaire , chers collègues , les socialistes disent oui à la nécessaire politique de stabilité .
Et tout d' abord , pourquoi une directive communautaire spéciale aux avocats , alors que le respect de la subsidiarité reste , bien entendu , un maître - mot ?
La même chose dans l' Atlantique Nord , dans les années 50 contre l' an 2000 .
the rural - urban divide wedded the grassroots rural population to upcountry patronage networks and vote - buying while elected politicians reaped their rewards through corruption and graft
the thematic strategy on the sustainable use of pesticides and the framework directive accompanying it are covered under the general heading of tackling the human health and environmental due to pesticides
substantial improvements can already be achieved under the current national provisions
En outre , ils proposent de faire figurer une notice informative sur le billet et la Commission pense que ce n' est pas faisable .
and an unwillingness to trade away export - led growth is having the same effect on the east ’s surplus countries especially china
however commissioner you talked about one of the major problems as being access to capital and you mentioned the european investment bank
Ainsi s' exprimait , il y a trois heures , dans cet hémicycle , le président tchèque M. Vaclav Havel .
De nombreuses personnes ont parlé du meilleur moyen de traiter ces questions .
as regards the structural funds we think that the n+2 rule must be applied
lack of agreement on the united nations security council resolution against iran does not help coordination and cooperation within the g-20 either
i refer to amendment no 1486 to the so - called libertad law adopted by the us congress 's committee on foreign affairs on 6 may following the agreement reached between clinton 's representatives and leon brittan
Or , le FMI s’ attend à l’ avenir à des pertes de plus du double de ce total .
it is very important that we work together and that every effort is made to track down and isolate groups and individual young people who may turn to terrorist attacks
Nous considérons donc ce rapport inacceptable .
Un certain nombre d' autres thèmes ont été abordés .
it was cold yesterday
Je crois que M. Papoutsis n' est pas étonné que , lorsque nous parlons de l' entreprise HUNOSA , ce soit Mme García Arias et moi - même , qui sommes Asturiennes , qui intervenions .
unfortunately there is not yet any sign of a speedy solution
it was such a radical change in fact that the early macintosh development team in 82 83 84 had to write an entirely new operating system from the ground up
this will bring eur 25 billion to the state coffers in 2013 whilst there will be 2 million fewer jobs for young people and the unemployed
Les partisans de la peine capitale avancent généralement trois arguments pour justifier l’ exécution par l’ État de ceux qui prennent la vie d’ un autre .
( SK ) Monsieur le Président , Mesdames et Messieurs , Monsieur le Commissaire , l' histoire peut nous en apprendre beaucoup .
how dare you speak about my husband in that disgusting way
La Guerre froide , le troisième conflit le plus important du XXe siècle , ne fait pas exception à cette règle .
when the final structure is complete there will not even be as many as 80
Il s' agit d' un levier important - 15 % du produit intérieur européen .
Le seul problème qui subsiste pour moi a trait à la notion d' adoption , qui ne dispose d' aucune base juridique .
As - tu été capable de t' ouvrir et de parler ?
practices which distort competition must be stopped
Autre inquiétude occidentale manifeste , exprimée récemment par le Premier ministre britannique Gordon Brown : la menace d’ un « creuset de terrorisme » dans les régions frontalières de l’ Afghanistan et du Pakistan pour la sécurité mondiale .
in the remaining 68 cases however deficits above 3 % of gdp were clear violations of the pact and the european council of finance ministers ecofin should have imposed sanctions
Aujourd’hui encore des femmes sont violées , mais violées parce que le viol est un instrument de guerre .
Je conclus , à l' instar de Nadja Hirsch , que si nous voulons réaliser ces objectifs , l' enseignement et la formation professionnels doivent être clairement axés sur l' obtention de résultats .
Je suis contre , et je m' oppose à toute violence à l' égard de populations , de personnes ou de communautés à cause de leurs convictions religieuses .
Je souhaite donc que l’ excellent rapport de Mme Mann soit amendé demain en ce sens .
De nombreuses questions demeurent cependant sans réponse , par exemple concernant l' impact réel sur les industries de l' Union européenne .
Si cela n' est pas possible , il vous appartiendra , Monsieur le Commissaire , d' assurer que ce nouveau texte sera publié cette année .
Certes , l' actionnariat des salariés peut contribuer au bon moral des troupes , mais il crée aussi une concentration malsaine des risques : non seulement l' emploi de la personne , mais aussi son capital dépendent désormais du sort de la compagnie .
Nous pourrions augmenter ainsi les ressources par la fourniture de services aux professionnels et atteindre une plus grande autonomie .
Mais depuis 1998 , il est prévu par traité une procédure appelée coopération renforcée qui permet à un groupe de pays d' aller de l' avant dans un domaine donné , sans impliquer les autres membres .
time and again an important question is overlooked however
so ngos should be supported
Les dirigeants du FMI et du Trésor américain craignaient qu' une dévaluation ne relance l' inflation parce que , pensaient - ils , la capacité de production du pays était limitée .
while we will support the resolution tomorrow i think there are some inconsistencies in this budget and i would like to highlight what i consider to be two of the main ones
i have received a book which has been published to commemorate the 50th anniversary of the council of europe a book whose title reads europe all of us under the same roof
Elle prend toujours en note chaque mot que son professeur dit .
Quand les gens entendent Alex dire mes paroles , est -ce qu' ils sont déconnectés ?
i understand the problems and i am proud of commissioner michel who instead of wringing his hands and convening working groups just got down to it with the motto deeds not words
Construit en préfabriqué avec un matériau des plus traditionnels mais ce matériau -- grâce à la technologie , à l' informatique , à la possibilité de préfabriqués , produit des composants à haute performance à partir de bois -- tout à fait d' avant - garde .
Les commentaires du budget 1998 ne le prévoyaient pas et , pour des raisons analogues , il était exclu de se servir de la partie A de la ligne budgétaire .
Le principal danger qui guette la filière du sang et menace la vie des patients réside dans la pénurie de médicaments dérivés du plasma .
certainly when you come from where i come from where it is impossible to get to your work unless you use the aeroplane then that really brings it home to you
Je me félicite que nos rapporteurs aient su tenir compte des problèmes particuliers des femmes âgées .
thank you for your reply
Je vous ai déjà dit qu' il n' est pas ici .
Jusque là , la richesse de ce pays ne tenait qu' aux manguiers d' un village , rien d' autre , et le pétrole offrait des possibilités à ce pays .
what i want to know are the facts
C' est formidable que nous ayons des initiatives qui disent , créons l' éducation et éduquons les peuples du monde , car c' est une grande force pour la paix .
in the long run this is also good news for america 's trading partners there is more value to be gained by trading with a richer economy than with a poorer one
the social partners text is based on experience gleaned from certain case studies on modern restructuring conditions relating to issues of vial importance to successful change management
i am extremely unhappy with the world trade talks which threaten the european food policy and i said the same to commissioner mandelson at a meeting we had yesterday
Il envisage des mesures politiques spécifiques .
Un autre point qu' il convient de mentionner est que ce secteur présente un vaste potentiel de croissance et fournit des emplois à près de 5 millions de personnes dans l' UE .
we are concerned at the restrictions on press freedom and the european parliament is particularly critical of the criminalisation of and discrimination against homosexuality in romania
Rare sont ceux qui acceptent de reconnaître que la demande intérieure ne pourra retrouver son niveau d’ avant crise que par la croissance .
further i hope that the commission parliament and the council alike will be active in promoting the adoption of a binding convention on port state control at united nations level
L’ imposition sur les revenus les plus élevés a été réduite de moitié durant son mandat , passant de plus de 80 pour cent à son entrée en fonction à 40 pour cent .
La crise a aussi permis de convaincre la plupart d’ entre nous que toute solution qui ne serait pas obtenue en coopération est vouée à être inefficace en terme de croissance , de stabilité et de pérennité .
Il est important de distinguer deux sources d’ inquiétudes à propos des rémunérations pratiquées dans le secteur financier .
Nous pourrons ainsi plus rapidement nous faire une idée plus juste du fonctionnement des dispositions contenues dans la recommandation .
C' est très différent de ce que vous vous attendez à voir en chirurgie .
democratic politicians must not surrender their consciences to woo either their own economically jittery citizens or the chinese regime
Il s' en tient manifestement aux principes libéraux classiques , veille au bon ton et se montre touché par le sort des personnes déplacées .
C' est ainsi que nous avons amorcé les réformes de Bologne en 2004 et qu' un cycle d' études universitaires de trois ans est en place depuis l' année académique 2005/2006 .
thank you mr president for calling me again
Bien sûr , ceux qui sont atteints par la paranoïa de l' inflation pourraient s' inquiéter : une telle politique ne mènerait - elle pas tout simplement à une spirale inflationniste ?
the case for safety is self - evident
if we look around us much of what surrounds us started life as various rocks and sludge buried in the ground in various places in the world
Comme je l’ ai dit , je ne tenterais pas de mettre définitivement un terme au débat qui aura sans nul doute lieu en raison du courrier des lecteurs paru hier dans le de Londres .
this box is empty it has nothing in it
Il est maintenant temps que le RU déclare que cette phase est dépassée .
moreover the commission communication was the first stage in the setting up of a framework programme for energy policy a framework programme for respective actions at a european level
Nous devons changer .
Monsieur le Président , il est important de garantir , à tous les niveaux , l' influence que les salariés doivent pouvoir exercer dans les entreprises , quelle que soit leur forme .
the fog is getting thicker
Nous ne voulons pas engendrer de difficultés ou être perçus comme voulant influencer des décisions qui relèvent en fin de compte de la population chypriote .
Les pluies acides et les autres dangers pour la sécurité publique liés à la combustion du charbon ont provoqué la naissance de nouvelles technologies visant à réduire les émissions dommageables provoquées par les centrales énergétiques .
Cette décision a constitué une réelle avancée et , si je souhaite que le voisin serbe en fasse autant , ce travail n' en doit pas moins être poursuivi dans l' immédiat .
Madame la Présidente , je veux saluer la décision du Conseil européen d' organiser la prochaine conférence intergouvernementale à 25 , voire à 27 .
A suivi une pléiade fructueuse de mouvements de libération nationale en Asie , en Afrique et en Amérique latine .
and so we looked into this a little more carefully and i 'm going to show you data now
my specific question is therefore how can it be that you are aware that certain systems will not survive the stress tests and yet do nothing about it
cats can see in the dark
first of all there are no proposals in the communication because it is precisely a consultation document
L' un des plaisirs d' être lexicographe -- outre être invitée à venir à TED -- est de prononcer des mots très rigolos , comme " lexicographique " .
et plusieurs autres projets de robotique dont j' aimerais vous entretenir .
i shall mention a couple of these conditions
Le financement approprié de ces deux domaines est une condition nécessaire au développement de l' innovation .
Nous avons en outre régulièrement constaté de quelle façon les interdictions étaient contournées dans la pratique .
i want to go to korea
more importantly south africa ’s ruling elite clearly believes that black liberation solidarity of the kind that links mbeki with mugabe inevitably trumps human rights
Les larges économies émergentes à forte croissance disposent de certains avantages .
Et bien sûr , j' en veux à l' Union Soviétique .
Le gouvernement indien avait espéré durant une courte période que les preuves qu' il détenait permettraient au faible gouvernement civil pakistanais de réagir à l' encontre des éléments nuisibles au sein de la société pakistanaise , mais il a réagi par le déni .
Nous remettrons une proposition distincte à ce sujet d' ici fin 2002 .
i also want to ask him if the banking supervision system needs to be adapted
Il est regrettable que , au lieu de relever le défi d’ une agriculture durable d’ un point de vue social et environnemental , nous agissions comme s’ il était possible d’ accélérer la destruction des paysans de la planète de manière responsable .
Cela rendrait les choses encore plus confuses . Non seulement pour le consommateur mais aussi certainement pour les entreprises .
Quand je rentre chez moi -- et je fais toutes sortes de choses : j' enseigne , je forme , mais si j' attrape une de ces maladies , ou bien j' ai une de ces maladies chroniques , où aller ?
La subsidiarité nous impose , à juste titre , le respect de ces règles .
Et nous avons réemployé cette technique lors du sauvetage du Treasure .
they even begin by acknowledging that the previous strategy was not for various reasons successful
A une époque de rapides progrès technologiques , de créativité et d’ innovation , les conditions économiques mondiales peuvent changer très rapidement .
but they prefer to work in regions that offer not just jobs but also an intact environment which means a well - kept and healthy natural environment a good infrastructure and rapid transport connections between work and home
it seems to be a summary of what already exists whilst what we need are significant innovations
Monsieur le Commissaire , représentants de la Commission , examinez , s' il vous plaît , combien de temps s' écoule pour les différentes organisations entre une promesse de financement et le versement de celui - ci .
Appuie sur ce bouton et la porte s' ouvrira .
it is likely that draghi ’s statement will indeed be followed by ecb purchases of spanish and italian sovereign bonds
Il est entré dans la pièce le chapeau enlevé .
L’ organisation terroriste basque ETA a mis fin à la trêve avec le gouvernement espagnol et , à l’ occasion du cinquantième anniversaire de sa création , a placé des bombes à Burgos et sur l’ île de Majorque .
( PT ) Madame la Présidente , il ressort clairement de ce débat que la lutte prétendue contre l' inflation se limite à restreindre les augmentations salariales .
it is true that i have not mentioned the term community preference
Le point C évoque la possibilité d' introduire une procédure d' extradition automatique à long terme .
this is the first time that development cooperation and sport have appeared together on our agenda and it is something that i welcome
J' ai vu l' homme renversé par la voiture .
its schools are financed by local communities and work within the framework of a national curriculum designed by the parliament and government
Natalie Jeremijenko : bon Donc il y en avait plusieurs .
La situation entourant ces oasis incarne l’ échec absolu de la politique .
i voted for it as well
Face à ces chiffres et à la situation actuelle , je crains qu’ il ne sera pas possible d’ éradiquer la pauvreté et l’ exclusion sociale qu’ elle génère d’ ici 2010 .
so why do europeans have fewer and fewer children
Je pense que j' opterais pour " Great British " - enfin non , allons - y pour " global " .
Il semble que lors de sa prochaine visite à La Havane , le ministre mexicain des Affaires étrangères ne rencontrera pas de dissidents , rompant ainsi avec une pratique qui remonte à 1993 .
Je n' ai rien à voir avec ça .
Dès lors , c’ est une bonne chose que le Parlement , au travers de ce budget , ait souligné sa volonté de superviser le développement futur des agences et son désir de transparence .
it is true that numerous structures are being set up
Mais lorsque vous les entraînez , chaque muscle renforce le système tout entier et c’ est aussi valable pour votre cerveau .
Qu’ as - tu mangé au déjeuner aujourd'hui ?
i would like to offer my compliments to the rapporteur
En tant que parlementaires , nous devons non seulement garantir la qualité durable et la traçabilité des produits alimentaires , mais aussi la sécurité alimentaire .
we can see that the correlation tables are the best tool for doing this monitoring it and assuring appropriate transposition of eu law
Les dispositions concernant les soins de santé transfrontaliers sont d' autant plus importantes qu' elles touchent chaque citoyen de l' Union européenne .
my second point is privacy
En janvier 1991 , j' ai pris la parole en cette Assemblée sur le problème du Kosovo , et j' ai ensuite demandé et redemandé qu' on y fasse quelque chose .
Permettez - moi de donner l' exemple d' une céréale : le maïs .
i am asking everyone who is here to vote tomorrow morning to support the committee to establish parliamentary control over this new area of policy which is our remit under the amsterdam treaty
respect for workers rights and the building of a social europe are the pillars which unless strengthened could dash all our hopes for building democracy in our union
Et le coefficient mondial de Gini de l’ inégalité inter-pays a chuté de 0,653 à 0,556 de 1980 à 2007 , grâce principalement aux performances étonnantes des pays émergents , particulièrement la Chine et l’ Inde .
above all the dynamism and innovation that make this sector so important will enable us to achieve the objective set in lisbon
Est - il raisonnable que les pays de l’ UE abandonnent une niche de prospérité pour des raisons idéologiques qui n’ ont aucune portée dans une perspective mondiale ?
Monsieur le Président , vous avez encouragé tous les députés à utiliser leur langue maternelle .
es mr president i would also like to join in thanking you for your words regarding the murder of two civil guard officers in capbreton
En dépit d’ autres aspects positifs , la présence de banques étrangères est souvent associée à une disparité entre les monnaies .
we all want them to be of high quality to have a good quality - price ratio and to be accessible to all
member states have to specify what level of income they obtain from the charges and what they are going to do with that money in order to bring about a better transport system
En fait , l' une serait impossible sans l' autre .
parliament is being sensitive to this and the process has shown that the impetus to act for our creators is still alive
i am concerned about tuberculosis and i am glad to know that the council is making a major proportion of the funding available to that end because it could be a serious problem
as the whole business struck me as a bit too dry i took the liberty of devising a climax for this sporting year and my fellow members of the committee went along with me
Les protagonistes de cette histoire sont une jeune femme , Rose Mapendo et ses enfants .
Ceci est un groupe dans New York appelé la Coalition pour un Environnement Sans Fumée qui m' a demandé de faire ces posters .
statements were made and pressure was brought to bear on the various member states who have undertaken to make police resources available to honour their commitments
keep it secret please
life is inherently creative
a small instrument with an astounding effect
she married a hotshot lawyer from new york
Mon but personnel est de vaincre le cancer du diable de Tasmanie .
president - in - office of the council de mr posselt at the very least you can be assured that croatia will receive absolutely fair treatment
Et un « non » équivaudrait à un isolement dangereux .
people who do so do not help hong kong
it was mentioned - though i am not sure i have understood correctly - that in the new member states there are no suitable centres monitoring this epidemic
this european e - justice portal is therefore to come into operation by the end of december 2009 without fail
i think in fact that it is essential for the cost of security to be made transparent this should at least be a first stage
Alors , quand j' avais un peu plus de 20 ans , je travaillais dans l' industrie de la musique , en dessinant des pochettes de disque pour CBS Records , et j' avais aucune idée à quel point ce poste était génial .
Vous en savez bien plus que n' importe lequel d' entre nous .
Et je crois que c' est parce que la technologie nous séduit principalement là où nous sommes le plus vulnérables .
Celui qui rédigera l’ histoire de l’ intégration européenne dans vingt ou vingt-cinq ans pourra dire , sans exagérer , que le lancement d’ une politique énergétique pour l’ Europe a eu lieu au mois de mars 2006 , sous la Présidence autrichienne .
this is really about domestic us politics
Maintenant , le développement doit évidemment se poursuivre .
Par contre , je ne suis pas d' accord avec M. Korakas qui a dit que cette politique était un échec .
it is also important here to take the position of drivers and consignors into account
while there have undoubtedly been many areas of disappointment three months ago there was a very dramatic political development in bulgaria
Il s' agit d' un véritable attentat contre les principes de la constitution de la République portugaise .
voice over the new play - doh mop top hair shop
we are preparing for the next semester and the european social dialogue which i believe started on 1 july in paris between partners in professional football - uefa fifpro apfl and eca
some measures can be taken by the commission some by the council and some by us as members of parliament
Malheureusement , leurs parents prennent les capsules de bouteilles pour de la nourriture flottant à la surface des océans .
the majority of structural funding is used through programmes to promote particular objectives which are administered by various directorates - general in brussels
Parfois la rumeur élargit les membres de cette cabale jusqu' à englober une hypothétique organisation secrète appelée Iluminati , les francs-maçons , la fondation Rhodes Scholars et comme toujours , les juifs .
Son champs d' application a été considérablement réduit en excluant , notamment , les services de santé , les services publics non marchands et certains services publics marchands .
i 've got a sweet tooth
the vote will take place at 12 noon
Mon fils a fait un ourson en fils chenille .
Ces discussions font frissonner l' Europe , où nombreux sont ceux qui font le lien avec le désir souvent affiché de l' Amérique de renverser Saddam Hussein de son poste de président de l' Iraq .
Nous attendons avec impatience d’ aider les autorités de Skopje à poursuivre leurs progrès relatifs à l’ accord de stabilisation et d’ association , notamment en matière de lutte contre la corruption et le crime organisé et d’ application des réformes économiques et judiciaires .
Je ne pense pas que ces règles soient assez strictes et je me réjouis des mesures supplémentaires dont nous discutons au sein de la commission des affaires économiques et monétaires .
to put any added burden on it at this moment in time is quite wrong
the russian factor is crucial
Donc , pourquoi ne nous pencherions - nous pas sur la question des femmes , aujourd’hui , en Afghanistan ?
they made me do it
he also said that he does not want to do whatever the press calls for but instead require the italian government to provide clarification
Madame la Présidente , Messieurs les Commissaires , chers collègues , j' avais préparé un papier mais tout a été dit .
he will do everything in his power to ensure that something of interest to all europeans gets through an appropriate council
so the second challenge is to improve the architectural design quality of the retrofits
more explicitly directed at combating organised crime is an anti - money laundering feasibility study which supports ukraine 's efforts to establish the necessary legislation and to create a financial intelligence unit
whereas in 2000 we used to talk about high - quality public provisions not only in infrastructure you now talk about liberalising and privatising the service sector which involves electricity health care and public transport
you ’re right and i do n’t care how you do it in a sense you bring me the molecules you know
Le rapport a reçu mon suffrage car permettre à chaque citoyen de participer à l' évolution de la société constitue une mesure positive .
harlem now sort of explaining and thinking of itself in this part of the century looking both backwards and forwards
Au sein de la Communauté , la Suède , la Finlande et le Royaume - Uni ( Écosse ) pratiquent la chasse aux phoques à petite échelle , principalement à des fins de gestion du stock de poissons et de lutte contre les parasites .
the presidency has drafted a text with guidelines on what is to be done once the competent working parties the ecap panels have completed their work
firstly we believe it is totally superfluous to introduce a central register and hence central registration of donated blood and donors
Le projet de Constitution qui a été rejeté l’ an dernier par l’ électorat français et néerlandais n’ aurait rien fait pour modifier le puissant rôle du Conseil , celui d’ un gouvernement et d’ un sénat confondus en un même organe .
C’ est alors que la Chine couperait court à tout , le dollar s' écroulerait et la Fed serait obligée de monter ses taux d' intérêt , ce qui plongerait à nouveau les Etats - Unis dans la récession .
these are measures to arm the plutocracy which will exacerbate social and class antagonisms and bring new trials and tribulations to the people
i think it 's the best way of verifying historical statistics
C' est une question d' image , de goût , de traçabilité , et sans doute aussi de sécurité alimentaire , car jamais les agriculteurs n' auraient été donner d' eux - mêmes des farines de viande à manger à leurs vaches .
Quelqu' un a nettoyé ma chambre pendant que j' étais partie .
mr president i congratulate you president - in - office on the progress on enlargement that has been made during the greek presidency
Par ailleurs , selon moi , il est vraiment inacceptable que la structure des exportations russes vers l' Union soit celle d' un pays en développement riche en matières premières .
it seems that it would be more sensible to find a solution that is based on facts
Voici un autre exemple de thérapie à base de cellules souches qui n' est pas encore vraiment clinique , mais le sera très bientôt je pense .
Nous ne parlons pas de l' emploi ou des droits de résidence .
Nous ne pourrons renforcer les droits du citoyen au sein de l' Union européenne que si nous agissons ensemble et de manière ciblée , par exemple en intégrant le traité de Prüm dans le cadre juridique de l' Union européenne .
the boy made believe he was too ill to go to school
the first step must be the release of all political prisoners
Nous répartirons les sièges en 2009 , alors que la nouvelle formule de répartition des voix au Conseil des ministres ne s' appliquera pas avant 2014 .
well done well done
some statements in the report could in our view be more precise
it is a great disappointment to me and my group that the turkish judicial authorities did not show themselves to have sufficient flexibility to use this opportunity of having a retrial that would effectively have exonerated mrs zana
a few not many worry that this bout of government spending will result in inflation
Le taux de renouvellement des cadres supérieurs - et pas si supérieurs – est très élevé dans ces agences .
i would like to thank the commissioner for the reply he has given me but it does not reassure me at all
i must say that this dual representation of the commission is surprising and flattering and moreover rather unusual
Elle a malheureusement été oubliée par la Convention constitutionnelle et ce courage lui a fait défaut au moment où la Belgique a dû ratifier la Constitution .
a dog is a clever animal
so please keep things in perspective
the next item is the presentation by the european ombudsman of his annual report for 1995
and ole to you nonetheless
on the other hand the risks must be reasonably predictable and we must be able to understand what risks we are taking
it also provides substantial employment off the farm
Mais la question de savoir si des actions peuvent être entreprises , et si elles le seront , pour aider tardivement les victimes demeure toujours sans réponse .
but in britain the figures are dramatically different only 19 % trust the eu while 55 % distrust it
Nous avons attendu ici ce soir des heures pour parler .
among the current 35 romanian meps 12 are women
if you had helped me i should have succeeded
despite the enormous amount of work that the rapporteur mr goepel has put in the aim has not been achieved and it is not even easy to say whether we are nearer to or further away from sensible solutions
last year 's laureates emphasized that different market participants have different and imperfect information and these asymmetries in information have profound impact on how an economy functions
Dans le considérant A , il est précisé , à juste titre , que la priorité doit être accordée aux intérêts de l' enfant adopté .
Il s' est traduit par un accord en première lecture , permettant ainsi que ce règlement puisse être adopté avant l' entrée en vigueur du code des visas .
Il y a seulement quelques minutes , j' ai pris cette photo à environ 10 pâtés de maisons d' ici .
Nous voudrions vous demander de transmettre les amitiés de l' ensemble de l' Assemblée à Mme Bjerregaard .
the unanticipated slowdown made it impossible for germany to meet the target
Nous devons donc cultiver les institutions démocratiques .
we have established that inland waterways are the most environmentally friendly form of transport and combined transport and new traffic management techniques are taken into account in a new article
Bien que ce rapport contienne beaucoup d' éléments valables , il exprime au fond le refus de réformer la politique agricole commune .
N' abandonnez pas à mi-chemin .
and that atmosphere is very -- as dense as our own atmosphere
Plutôt qu' un sprint de 100 ou 200 mètres , les deux organisations doivent penser davantage en termes d' une course bien plus longue , peut - être un marathon .
En font précisément partie ceux qui le veulent .
Aux Etats - Unis , le président Obama a proposé d’ augmenter les dépenses publiques de près de 600 milliards de dollars au cours des deux prochaines années pour créer quatre millions d’ emplois environ .
however when it comes to the question of funding this can of course be linked to a certain minimum level of electoral success
M. Sindal et M. Adam ont eu l' occasion d' évoquer cette question précédemment .
Les villes de New York , Chicago , Seattle étaient toutes recouvertes de glace .
Ce que l’ UE réussit par l’ intégration des marchés , ou même par l’ élimination des contrôles douaniers témoigne des avantages de sa « démocratie déléguée » .
we 're helpless
On ne peut pas tout attendre des écoles .
yesterday as we all know a substantial number of member states voiced their opposition to certain aspects of the commission 's proposals for reforming the cfp during the fisheries council
in 2005 40 million people were living with hiv approximately 95 % of them in developing countries placing an impossible burden on the health system and economy in general
Nous devons débattre des solutions générales hic et nunc , pas de demi-mesures .
but the first time that i took my book out of my suitcase the coolest girl in the bunk came up to me and she asked me why are you being so mellow -- mellow of course being the exact opposite of r - o - w - d - i - e
Voilà le genre de voisins avec lesquels la Turquie cherche à nouer de nouveaux rapports .
there is also anxiety amongst ourselves as consumers regarding irregularities where conditions of employment and labour are concerned
no conflict of civilisations whatsoever is occurring in the arab world today - exactly the opposite
if it had not been for his help i would have failed
Parmi ces autres questions , il y a la consolidation des droits des citoyens de l' Union et la lutte contre la discrimination .
Encore faut - il que le commissaire s' efforce , au sein de la Commission , de veiller à une coordination appropriée de toutes les questions en rapport avec le tourisme .
the final draft of the agenda drawn up pursuant to article 95 of the rules of procedure by the conference of presidents has been distributed the following amendments have been proposed for inclusion
and you might imagine education would be the way that happens
is it the exposure we have professors from mit berkeley stanford indian institute of science who come and teach our children lots of scientific formulas experiments much beyond the classroom
in conclusion i should like to thank mrs gröner the rapporteur
Le développement des pays concernés a déjà été pris en considération dans tous les aspects des négociations de Doha .
Je n' ai remarqué aucune libellule , elles étaient peut - être là , ou peut - être pas .
3 the promotion of linguistic diversity
Je pense que c' est le bon moment pour lancer ce produit .
i found it difficult to please her
De ce fait , il est évident que la seule solution possible et réaliste pour le maintien de la paix au Darfour est une intervention des Nations unies .
what do you learn spanish for
i believe that in those sectors above all there are enormous opportunities for professional and operational growth new jobs in short opportunities which should finally be seized by the market for the small and medium - sized enterprises
therefore mr president i would request a split vote on the one hand on the epp amendment and then on the addition that mr schulz proposes but which i reject
- Monsieur le Président , je voudrais ajouter quelque chose au procès-verbal d’ aujourd’ hui , à savoir que la déclaration écrite sur les maladies rhumatismales a , en ce jour , déjà dépassé la majorité des deux tiers .
Monsieur le Président , je ne crois pas qu' il reste beaucoup à dire sur la situation au Moyen - Orient , mais je voudrais intervenir sur les propos du vice-président Marín .
Quelle est la situation aujourd'hui ?
Le cas d' Amina Lawal est dramatique et urgent parce que , au terme de plusieurs ajournements , la décision est imminente : le 25 mars .
Aussi les États démocratiques du monde doivent - ils réussir à maîtriser les marchés monétaires .
Il peut enfin augmenter les débouchés commerciaux des exportateurs africains , notamment en renouvelant les efforts pour faire aboutir les discussions sur les négociations commerciales du cycle de Doha .
Un dernier mot , à ce sujet - là , parce que mes collègues libéraux ont fait des réflexions à cet égard .
it is claimed to be the site of one of the oldest countries in europe founded in 681
that is how we answer when european law is at stake
Le droit du Comité d' accéder à la Cour de justice mérite d' être étudié , si besoin est , pour défendre le respect du principe de subsidiarité .
Tous nos plans sont tombés à l' eau .
rtd cooperation with emerging economies
Dans ce contexte , le rapport définit également la façon d’ évaluer cette rentabilité .
africa is no longer the exclusive territory of europe and that is very good
Premièrement , la santé n' a pas de prix mais elle a un coût .
many countries are doing that at the moment but there is still a long way to go
our operations in relation to european security and defence policy are our most visible contribution to global peace and security and demonstrate our willingness to take on global responsibilities
the apple does not fall far from the tree
the task before us seemed almost beyond our capacities few of us dared to believe that we would manage it
we now have to think about the future of europe and prime minister ahern mentioned 25 march which marks fifty years of the treaties of rome
Nous devons penser grand , nous devons penser bon marché .
Car il existe une poignée de gens courageux qui combattent , au péril de leur vie , pour la démocratie et la dignité humaine .
Madame la Présidente , nous nous sommes aujourd'hui prononcés en deuxième lecture sur la promotion de l' électricité produite à partir de sources d' énergie renouvelables .
it is however mainly about harmonising technical rules to combat illegal immigration and about better checks at airports
Donc , la demande faite par M. Huhne peut déjà être satisfaite .
one is that these agreements are not specifically tools of development for the country concerned but are seen as commercial fisheries agreements
you have merely suspended a few criminal bosses on full wages and you have only done it under pressure from the committee on budgetary control and parliament
Je préfèrerais que nous examinions chaque circonstance spécifique pour voir si nous en avons besoin .
Fermez les yeux .
everybody says it 's a $ 100 laptop you ca n't do it
Vous n' êtes plus le bienvenu ici .
the forthcoming conference on democracy human rights and the role of the international criminal court in yemen on january 10 - 12 will provide a forum to debate these questions
is there something wrong with me
Je m' en suis déjà plaint à plusieurs reprises en séance plénière .
nothing can be more important than that
Le groupe ARE avait proposé de prendre des mesures claires en vue d' une maîtrise réelle et durable de la production .
Quel est le débat aujourd'hui sur les sanctions ?
Parce que je regarde tout le temps comment les femmes sont représentées .
Hier , lorsque nous discutions de la prison de Guantanamo , ici dans ce Parlement , moi - même et plusieurs autres intervenants avons été interrompus impitoyablement parce que nous avions dépassé notre temps de parole de quelques secondes .
what trade policy measures could it muster up to combat the growing number of cases of unfair practice
Au lieu de passer notre temps à parler .
the proposal creates no problems if the action for which a ruling has taken place is punishable in both member states and if the same penalty applies
so i have dealt with the most important questions which were asked
Nous devons répondre à notre devoir .
Divers amendements - de 40 à 50 - sur le droit d' initiative de la Commission ont suscité la discussion .
are you able to read the book attentively
it 's a robust signature and it 's very stable
En dépit des discussions et des rivalités , il est évident que les Asiatiques commencent à se serrer les coudes .
however we need to make things very clear to the companies managing intermodality
Cependant , si nous n' avons pas le courage de faire cela , il est important pour moi que nous conservions le principe de la stabilité relative .
Néanmoins , au Pakistan , aux USA et ailleurs , dans les pays où les avocats ont combattu pour les droits de l' homme et l' état de droit , la défense de leurs idéaux va de paire avec la défense de leurs intérêts .
even in the times of h1n1 i like the word
finally i would like to make a special appeal for the active participation of the ten candidate countries in the work on the convention on the future of europe
Si les tentatives d’ attiser la haine envers les adeptes d’ une religion ou d’ inciter à la violence contre eux peuvent être légitimement supprimées , la critique de la religion en tant que telle ne le devrait pas .
Le Monténégro est un pays , certes petit , mais magnifique , qui jouit d' une stabilité et d' une croissance économique remarquables depuis son divorce pacifique d' avec la Serbie .
Monsieur le Président , je suis l' argumentation de Mme le président en exercice : pour que le Conseil puisse aller de l' avant , il demande une initiative de la Commission .
Les sanctions pourraient toutefois inciter d’ autres factions puissantes , à savoir le clergé , les commerçants et les conservateurs , à se désolidariser du président Ahmadinejad et de sa base de Gardiens de la révolution islamique .
Mon collègue a déjà demandé si le Conseil envisageait , dans cette affaire en particulier , de contacter une fois de plus le gouvernement et les responsables sur place .
Pourquoi m' a - t - on refusé pour le poste ?
Elles ont affirmé que c' était vrai .
mr president the current world trade negotiations are important to the future development of the eu particularly in the context of enlargement
Dans ce contexte difficile , nous sommes également préoccupés par la perte de compétitivité de nos agriculteurs qui , contrairement à leurs concurrents , sont confrontés à des coûts de production élevés .
she worried her son would be abducted and taken off to be a child soldier
which russian company was responsible for the 50 000 tonnes of oil on the tanker which had been loaded in st petersburg
the wealthy self - indulgent young man felt oddly drawn to the strict ascetic life led by members of some monastic orders
Selon le Vice - Premier ministre israélien Shimon Peres , Israël espère isoler et freiner les influences chiites / perses par le biais d’ une coopération ouverte avec les acteurs sunnites / arabes .
Quand avez - vous l' intention de démarrer ?
Dans ce domaine , ils font honte à tous les anciens États membres .
Quel est ce haut bâtiment ?
come the one year anniversary of my journey i went to see my surgeon dr john healey --
i would like to once again point out that i am pleased that the resolution is the result of a compromise between many diverse political groups
Ça ne va pas disparaitre .
let us be frank you have not got a clue
Les fossiles de cet animal sont uniquement retrouvés dans cette région d' Amérique du Sud -- une belle région distincte ici -- et dans cette partie d' Afrique .
how will the policy eventually look
Leur application risque d' avoir un coût élevé et d' entraîner des suppressions d' emplois .
Je note , Madame la Commissaire , la réticence des pays nord-européens à aller au - delà du cadre contractuel et à ouvrir le marché européen , à ouvrir les frontières de l' Union européenne aux exportations agricoles de ces pays d' Afrique du Nord .
Le ciel était très sombre .
in germany the private economy was fit enough to recover but this was less true in southern europe or even france
Donc on définissait avant tout l' identité selon l' appartenance ethnique , et l' état nation le reflétait .
just as in beijing people 's homes are getting in the way of the construction of olympic facilities
C' est de l' hérésie ce que je vais dire , mais si c' était la sécurité vraiment après ?
La nature même de ce dossier m’ empêche , Monsieur le Député , de vous décrire en détail ces mesures , car certaines d’ entre elles incluent des opérations des services secrets .
· second falling international prices create an opportunity to bring inflation back down from uncomfortably high levels caused by the global food and fuel price crisis early last year
first it will enable everyone to make better use of their resources and secondly it will mean that everyone packs a bigger punch precisely because member states are working more closely together
most economists study the recent history of their own country which is easiest to do and their results sound superficially important to most of their countrymen
i would also like to back up what mr mayer said about the legal base
there is however one type of sanction that does not give rise to such propaganda opportunities
a little more than 60 years after the shoah one does not play lightly with such an evocation of destruction
Il est très important de donner une langue optionnelle .
Je transmettrai cette question à l' administration , Monsieur le Député .
Cela m' amène à la problématique de la Maison de l' histoire européenne .
Michael Gorbatchev joua aussi un rôle important . Sa politique de non-intervention en Europe de l’ Est signifia qu’ il n’ y eut pas de chars soviétiques pour supprimer les avancées démocratiques , comme ce fut le cas lors du Printemps de Prague .
Les scandales de comptabilité financière seraient - ils arrivés si la réglementation avait été aussi intense qu' elle ne l' est maintenant ?
Il y a eu beaucoup de discussions et de débats dans les Etats membres concernant les obstacles légaux et administratifs dressés face à l' emploi au niveau local .
Aujourd'hui , ces pays devraient se rassembler pour offrir un compromis à l' Iran ( et à d' autres ) .
and it identified a set of sound and mutually reinforcing policies
Toute guerre s’ accompagne de son lot d’ hypothèses erronées , et la campagne du Kosovo n’ y a pas échappé .
the state of monitoring is described as a major constraint
Monsieur le Président , chers collègues , je crois que , tout simplement , le texte que nous nous apprêtons à voter est absolument infâme , odieux .
Mais tout le monde n’ est pas de cet avis .
Cela nous permettra de réduire les coûts des institutions européennes et d' éviter de gaspiller du temps et de l' argent .
Ça peut très très facilement évité .
however even minimal progress remains progress and this report does contain some useful suggestions so i have supported the report while protesting that it does not go nearly far enough
and instead of telling you i 'll just show you
Tous les ressortissants de l' Union européenne et d' autres pays sont les bienvenus pour autant qu' ils respectent les règles de la coexistence pacifique .
the pen is on the table
Depuis quelque temps , la commission du développement et de la coopération insiste sur le besoin d’ une plus grande cohésion de nos politiques d’ aide aux pays d’ où proviennent ces flux migratoires et dans le cadre de l’ activité extérieure de l’ Union .
Au Cambodge , l' Union européenne apporte ainsi une aide technique , administrative et financière au gouvernement et à des ONG sélectionnées , pour des actions visant à promouvoir la collecte , le contrôle et la destruction des armes .
Citons , à titre d' exemple , l' ajout à la liste des ingrédients de renseignements sur les substances présentes sous forme nano .
Aujourd'hui , la menace d' attaques terroristes pousse les gens à réexaminer les standards légaux et des Droits de l' homme .
C' est le meilleur restaurant que je connaisse .
in the aftermath of the recent financial crisis some business executives voluntarily reduced their salaries as a means of communicating concern for their employees and public opinion
for this reason the message you conveyed to us today was a good one
Pour ce qui est des produits cosmétiques , notre proposition a toutefois été acceptée .
Dans ce domaine des télécommunications , je dois dire que la situation est parfois absolument intolérable .
he was regarded by several newspapers as one of the genuine hopes for the future of malaysia and he was also someone who might actually have achieved something particularly in these times of serious economic crisis
dispatching additional nato troops in addition to the planned eu mission to supervise kosovo independence would be helpful
Et c' est certainement comme ça qu' ils me paraissaient quand j' ai commencé ce projet .
Nous sommes très près de cette approbation et j' espère qu' elle se concrétisera au cours de ce semestre .
we thought maybe it was deteriorating very fast
L' élimination de ce clivage devrait être un des points centraux de ce rapport .
a new financial regulation is being discussed and will be adopted soon and that will be the basic line to decide and guide the management for future progress
Du point de vue des banques , cela signifie que le capital est pris au piège dans les filiales , et ne peut être utilisé de façon optimale sur l' ensemble du réseau .
if you look at the 1976 water directive it aimed to fix parameters for over 100 separate harmful substances and in the 21 years since then we have managed only 18
we together with the commission are determined to take the right steps towards taking this action
Pour cette raison , je lance un appel pressant pour que les propositions de la commission de l' environnement soient réellement approuvées au cours du vote de demain .
Ce Parlement décidera cette semaine de créer une commission temporaire afin de coordonner en son sein les travaux sur ces propositions .
here 's the problem facing homer
Le problème n' est pas de savoir si Berlin doit accepter comme paroles d' Evangile tout ce que dit Washington , mais c' est à Berlin de faire le premier pas pour reprendre le dialogue rompu par Schröder .
in our view this is all about the things that are covered by the term peace - building which is to say conflict prevention early warning conflict mediation reconciliation and short to medium - term stabilisation
this animal is friendly
L' Inde , en tant que démocratie laïque , possède des avantages considérables sur le Pakistan , où des fanatiques religieux et l' armée ont toujours eu trop d' influence .
if you look up at the top that 's a parking lot and those are recreational vehicles right there
finally i wish to emphasise that in our opinion traceability is very important
Depuis la création de la BCE , nous avons expliqué que nous demanderions à toutes les autorités de coopérer aussi étroitement que possible .
Par conséquent , je vous demande de bien vouloir poursuivre rapidement le vote sur le rapport Ludford ainsi que sur les autres points prévus à l' ordre du jour et d' en finir .
Même si ses habitants sont aujourd’hui plus libres que jamais , en revanche , la Chine est loin d’ être libre .
Il y a une personne qui met en place le lien , et il y a une autre personne de l' autre coté en train de décider s' il y a lieu de cliquer dessus ou non ..
Il ne s' agit pas seulement de personnes travaillant sur des chalutiers et des détenteurs de chalutiers , il s' agit des communautés côtières .
i am thinking in particular of the drought which some of you will probably mention
. - Monsieur le Président , Madame la Commissaire , Mesdames et Messieurs , nous soutenons de tout cœur le rapport Belder .
Ce genre de technologie est appelée déplacement du sommet .
i can reassure you that we want to support 12 demo plants
it was mortifying they laughed at me
do trade unions have a right to take action if they believe the interests of their members to be at risk
Si AIG est d' une importance systémique , cette perte de 50 millions peut l' amener à faire faillite .
C' est un ton positif , un ton qui véhicule la conviction qu' un accord international peut vraiment être atteint ; c' est - à - dire , un accord qui contienne des règles internationalement contraignantes .
Attaqué par le camp d' Hillary comme superficiel , mal avisé et un peu trop tapageur , il a mis en sourdine sa rhétorique aux accents inspirés pour adopter un ton plus sobre , plus précautionneux , plus professionnel .
we sometimes do not recognise the sense of isolation that was felt by many farmers and by other people living in rural areas because of the devastating economic and other impacts of this outbreak
– commissioner byrne thank you for your factual explanation but still i have to say that i wonder what it is we are actually doing exactly
Je dois constater cependant que le dialogue économique est beaucoup plus intense que le dialogue critique .
Le thème de ce rapport - préparé par la Présidence - a reçu , lundi dernier , un accueil favorable au Conseil " Affaires générales " .
i added a room to my house
i refer not only to that implemented by international institutions but also to the us courts civil and military alike
moreover vessels authorised to participate in the common dolphinfish fishery are to be granted a special fishing permit and included in a list to be provided to the commission by the member state concerned article 13
she will always be with you
so what i 'd like you to consider is what does it mean when these dots do n't represent the individual bases of your genome but they connect to genomes all across the planet
Je commence à trouver cela plaisant .
this is the same watch that i lost a week ago
Chez nous , ces réacteurs n' obtiendraient pas de licence d' exploitation , vu qu' il s' agit de réacteurs de type russe .
Je vous mets au défi d’ accepter ce que nous allons proposer .
Il était déjà utilisé auparavant , mais avec un sens quelque peu différent .
Anita Roddick est une autre des ces PDG que l' on a interrogé .
L' ouvrage est épuisé .
on behalf of the pse group - nl mr president commissioner i can tell you that my group has very mixed feelings about this new communication by the commission
J' ai , pour finir , soutenu les dispositions en faveur d' une plus grande transparence des relations financières entre les ports et les États membres .
interestingly enough we used to primarily build 3-d models -- you know you 've seen some today -- and 3-d renderings
there is no call for an international military operation in kosovo
Dans ces conditions , il est évidemment facile de taper sur le processus onusien .
on amendment 8 i accept the inclusion of a reference to seal mortality as an example and of considerations of climate change on cod when a review of the plan is made
La conférence spéciale sur les enfants a été reportée en raison des attentats terroristes aux États - Unis .
and it 's very very common for designers and people in the visual arts to feel that we 're not contributing enough or worse that all we 're doing is contributing to landfill
there is no such obligation at the moment
she was indignant when i said she was lying
in the cases of romania and bulgaria commissioner we shall certainly have separate discussions to conduct here in the coming weeks but my opening remark remains generally valid
moreover china plans to improve and expand its capabilities for assault landing and joint logistical support both of which used to be weak points
as far as we are concerned the economic situation in the union exhibits significant deficiencies in crucial aspects which need to be stressed
you know they do polls right
Nous allons suspendre la séance pendant quelques minutes .
china exemplified this approach
L' Union européenne et les gouvernements nationaux soutiennent le principe de subsidiarité qui garantit que le processus décisionnel inclut une contribution locale chaque fois que la possibilité se présente .
L' un des aliments de luxe les plus chers du monde , par gramme .
Les États - Unis ont déjà voté une loi exigeant la divulgation des versements réglés aux gouvernements , la 2010 Dodd - Frank law .
J' aime le vin rouge plus que le vin blanc .
Le tourisme , en particulier , qu' il s' agisse de croisières ou d' escapades plus intrépides , est devenu un passe-temps privilégié des personnes âgées .
it 's beautiful and it 's functional
L' Union européenne fait déjà beaucoup à ce niveau : notre effort budgétaire global , qui associe mesures discrétionnaires et stabilisateurs économiques , approche les 4 % du PIB .
Si vous faites du bruit vous pourrez ressentir l' effet .
Elle n' en pouvait plus .
once again i would like to thank you for your attention
in our cynical age many might scoff at such an old - fashioned motto or indeed at the power of any motto or slogan
but in the blind taste test it came in last
Je clôture à présent les questions qui vous étaient adressées , et les questions nos 49 et 50 recevront en conséquence une réponse écrite .
what makes you happy
where iran is concerned we are right there by your side
i admire on a personal basis the honourable member 's tenacity in pursuing this dossier over difficult months
he was opposed to monopolies
C' est un règlement qui doit en effet être adopté et appliqué . En effet , la situation dans laquelle nous nous trouvons est plutôt grave .
J' entends la frustration .
consistent rehabilitation and the publicising of crimes are the only way to come to terms with the past
furthermore such a programme certainly does not exist under article 158 which deals with the commission 's appointment
these principles are conditions for the creation of a greater europe in which peace freedom the rule of law and democracy rule
On constate par ailleurs une montée des manifestations à caractère non-violent tandis que les actes de violences et les attentats suicides sont de moins en moins courants .
i was not asking the commission for support
it really is time that europe 's last divided capital at last became a living capital again and that cypriots of both ethnic groups could live together in cyprus in peace
Je continuerai à soutenir les travailleurs et les syndicalistes dans leur lutte contre le relèvement de l' âge de la retraite .
Il ne pouvait pas dormir à cause de la chaleur .
you also responded in favour of combating tax havens
Aujourd’hui , alors que l’ Union européenne parvient à jouer un rôle politique majeur , nous ne serons pas seulement responsables du malheur et de l’ échec , mais nous serons responsables , sur le plan politique , d’ une région qui se pacifie .
i think it is the view of this parliament that the human rights dialogue should have the status of a central element of partnership in the future
La mesure tangible qu’ elle avance est de partager les informations contenues dans les casiers judiciaires .
my last general comment during our discussion in the council of ministers which will now take place we shall be happy to include the positive comments of parliament and hope in this way to achieve a sensible compromise
Le Conseil a également adopté certaines mesures d' application rapide , comme supprimer la mise en jachère obligatoire pour 2008 , augmenter les quotas du lait et suspendre temporairement les droits de douane sur les céréales .
the meeting is particularly timely because the fsb will soon be under new leadership as its current chairman mario draghi takes over in november as president of the european central bank
C' est un problème majeur .
i think it has been a successful year
to me it was more of a fundamental way of doing business the process itself that changed as a result of that
pl madam president under the banner of the fight against terror russia has now murdered over half of the chechen people
instead they reflect social codes that tell people how they are supposed to think of themselves and how they are supposed to interact with each other
Je ne sais pas si je le crois vraiment .
our ambition is for the union to remain the flagship the global leader that takes the initiative for establishing laws to protect the planet
Vous n' avez plus besoin de vous faire du souci pour elle .
Non pas parce que nous sommes nécessairement en désaccord avec le Comité scientifique sur la question de l' innocuité de l' ionisation pour les aliments , mais parce que le problème ne se résume pas à cela .
we have two german channels as well so happy viewing everybody
En tout cas , aucune limitation du champ d' application n' est avancée .
Toutefois , comme je pense que le texte est trop radical et qu’ il ne parvient pas à respecter suffisamment le principe de subsidiarité , je n’ ai pas pu le soutenir globalement lors du vote final .
in our investigations so far a pattern has emerged even at this early stage these polling stations recorded the highest number of voters for mugabe
L' extension des projets prioritaires 6 et 17 à Bucarest et à Constanţa , la construction d' un couloir ferroviaire pour le transport de marchandises sur cet itinéraire , ainsi que la mise en œuvre de l' ERTMS , doivent devenir des projets RTE - T prioritaires .
he has become the absolute ruler of this republic defying the law or misinterpreting it so that he may act in contradiction of fundamental human rights
neighbours are just that neighbours
de madam president i would also like to say that mr peterle has produced an excellent report
the societies of the americas were forged by european conquests of indigenous populations and by the racial and ethnic divisions that followed
the origin of the contamination still remains unclear and i find that very alarming
the other worry of parliament concerns the role of parliament and you can see from all of the reports that our role as a parliament as a representative of the citizens is very worrying for us
he repaired his watch by himself
( HU ) J' ai trois remarques à faire en tant qu' unique oratrice originaire du côté est du mur de Berlin .
Je voudrais exprimer trois considérations .
D' autre part , une plus grande liberté économique s' impose afin d' améliorer la vie quotidienne des Palestiniens .
Crown Resources est-elle une société russe ?
how can a person who has never heard of hiv consent to being tested for it
Ma deuxième question est la suivante : n’ avons - nous pas d’ autres priorités dans le proche voisinage de l’ Union européenne , dans les Balkans par exemple , où le maintien de la paix est notre mission première ?
Ce but est en passe d’ être atteint .
of course hundreds of millions of women around the world can only wish that they had the problems about which i wrote
En Autriche , le transport animal ne doit pas dépasser six heures .
we can not and will not do that
and then again the building itself middle of los angeles right across from city hall
i know the will is there
Alors ce que les médecins sont le plus entrainés à faire est de diagnostiquer -- c' est à dire vous mettre dans une catégorie -- et d' appliquer un traitement scientifiquement prouvé pour ce diagnostic .
these are increasingly powerful players in european financial markets
i believe that you will love it
Celles qui ne les respectent pas seraient tout simplement inéligibles à l’ aide .
Il est bien entendu indispensable pour nous que les produits ou éléments de produits modifiés soient à présent étiquetés .
unfortunately the standardisation committees have not been active regarding magnets just as they have not been active as regards carcinogenic substances
i am not sure whether this is still the case or what the present situation is
Je suis sûr que le Conseil ne rejettera pas le statut sur la base de cet amendement , dont le contenu définit une possibilité dont le Conseil lui - même a officiellement affirmé qu’ elle pouvait être acceptée .
Et en fait , jusqu' à mes 34 ans , j' ai toujours ennuyé et énervé les gens en sifflant .
however i would warn the council and the member states that these objectives will only be achieved if we equip this agency with the necessary human and financial resources which until very recently was unfortunately not at all the case
Je sais que vous êtes toujours bien attentif à souhaiter que le règlement soit respecté .
En effet , quel pays européen oserait mettre en péril une commande chinoise de plusieurs milliards d’ euros ?
madam president that is not what the instructions from the bureau say
Cet été , nous avons connu une grave sécheresse dans la péninsule Ibérique , des inondations en Europe centrale et toute une série d’ ouragans - Katrina , Rita , Wilma - , sans parler des autres catastrophes à moindre échelle .
l' une était TEDMED , et l' autre , comme on vous l' a dit , c' était un TED classique il y a deux ans .
Je suis vraiment désolée d' être rentré à la maison aussi tard .
Nous demandons donc à ce que des dispositions à cet effet soient incluses dans la résolution .
Concernant l’ élargissement : vous avez accueilli les 10 nouveaux États membres , mais avec moins d’ argent .
he was an entire stranger to us
respect for human rights and minorities is the basis of european cooperation and countries which do not understand this are not welcome in the union
Tirer profit des entreprises multinationales n’ exige pas systématiquement des négociations gouvernementales de haut niveau .
Je veux vous montrer deux exemples .
Qui devra le faire ?
L' Europe est une faillite démocratique , dont le fonctionnement des institutions est complètement extérieur aux préoccupations et au contrôle des citoyens .
Je vais lancer sur vous une malédiction .
Cela profitera non seulement aux femmes dans les zones rurales , mais enrichira également ces régions en les développant de façon durable en tant qu' espace intégré de vie et de travail .
J' applaudis avant tout ce partenariat entre les deux continents qui a montré une valeur ajoutée pour les deux partenaires et l' importance de la stimulation de l' intégration régionale et mondiale du continent africain .
Alors , je crois que l' optimisme est véritablement ce qui conduit l' architecture vers l' avant .
Monsieur le Président , l' affaire Abdullah Öcalan avait mal débuté en novembre et elle se termine tout aussi mal aujourd'hui .
Les représailles vont de la suspension des licences des avocats par les services judiciaires à l’ intimidation physique ou aux agressions criminelles .
the problem facing us consists in striking a balance between freedom of information which we all agree is a good thing and the protection of minors
and the design problems of a project like that are just absolutely delicious
Et parce que les producteurs ont tendance à aller à la limite du tolérable , il faut prévoir des sanctions réelles et sévères pour ceux qui se mettent en tort .
but there is zero correlation between iq and emotional empathy feeling with the other person they 're controlled by different parts of the brain
Quel genre de film voulez - vous regarder ?
C' est déjà le cas pour la région SADC et pour le forum Pacifique . Nous devons soutenir une telle approche .
Tiens - toi à distance de ma fille !
netanyahu is under an enormous amount of pressure from his own supporters
at worst nuclear weapons would serve iran ’s “ revolutionary ” foreign policy in the region which the country ’s leaders have pursued since the birth of the islamic republic in 1979
i agree with you that yes the member states are responsible but there are certain rules
Je pense en particulier , en matière d' inflation , que ce n' est pas parce que nous maîtrisons celle - ci de manière convenable depuis un certain nombre d' années que son spectre a définitivement disparu dans l' Union européenne .
Je ne peux que me féliciter de l' intérêt de mes collègues pour la question des personnes disparues à Chypre .
i take for granted that my answer is correct
actually this figure is much less than we once thought and we have assumed from the beginning of the internal market that it would increase
J' ai l' impression que la Commission ne sait pas vraiment sur quel pied danser .
Le gouvernement grec a précisément des problèmes avec la presse et il souhaite la contrôler .
those who live in glass houses should not throw stones
i voted for this resolution in order to put pressure on the european and national authorities and to prevent a delay that deprives europe every day of infinite possibilities
despite adversity the ingenious man achieved worldwide fame
Les mutilations génitales féminines , les crimes dits " d' honneur " et les mariages forcés sont aussi une réalité au sein de l' Union européenne .
get the facts
Il promet également une réduction immédiate de 5 % des dépenses discrétionnaires hors défenses en 2013 , en plus des énormes réductions déjà précédemment planifiées pour l’ année prochaine .
sometimes i have difficulty in understanding why immediately the word nato is mentioned people - perhaps because of their anti - american feelings or because they have anti - military leanings - are against it
there was undoubtedly a fundamental problem and it would have consequently been preferable to have an oral amendment enabling harmonization of the different linguistic versions
for outcomes and other details concerning the vote see the minutes
Monsieur le Président , chers collègues , nous avons déjà débattu des craintes liées à la mise en œuvre de la directive " services " .
countries can not expect economic and other benefits from the union unless they meet its political standards
i must not forget also to mention the important contribution of mrs ahern our rapporteur in presenting us with her report which we approved unanimously in the committee on petitions
i have said several times whenever i am asked that the error rate provides limited information and may lead to distorted interpretations
environmental degradation from rapid industrialization overpopulation and uncontrolled resource exploitation is extreme and given the pressure to maintain high growth rates very difficult to remedy
seeds are usually non - dormant in other words they are not suited to storage and transportation
Pour retrouver la croissance , ces pays doivent redevenir compétitifs en dévaluant leur monnaie , transformant ainsi leur déficit commercial en excédent .
La seule chose qui reste maintenant c' est cette ombre indélébile de lumière positive .
Nous devrions peut - être plus faire appel aux pères de famille ou aux fils que sont aussi les hommes politiques et détenteurs du pouvoir dans cette région .
Et les subventions dont ils sont dotés doivent uniquement servir cet objectif !
belarus is an important neighbour of the eu and therefore developments there are of concern to all of us
L’ UE devra le soutenir en tant que filière productive , tant au niveau national qu’ au plan communautaire .
La Commission continue à faire part de celles - ci et d' autres questions liées aux droits de l' homme aux autorités russes .
Tout d' abord , il s' agit d' un projet politique très instable . En outre , il est très problématique pour un pays de ne pas pouvoir contrôler ses propres taux d' intérêt pour faire face aux différents cycles économiques .
i will not go back over that but i do want to give my opinion here
par écrit . - ( IT ) Madame la Présidente , Mesdames et Messieurs , j' ai voté pour le rapport de M. Costa sur la conclusion d' un protocole de coopération entre l' Organisation de l' aviation civile internationale et la Communauté européenne concernant les audits / inspections de sécurité .
the same will apply to the manufacture of euro coinage as already occurs in the manufacture of national currency coins in germany france the netherlands and other countries
the price index for the 25 main commodities has exploded by more than 200 %
we 're pulling out we 're zooming out out through a nuclear pore which is the gateway to this compartment that holds all the dna called the nucleus
this period is short but also important and i see that they have started resolutely and quietly
Cela démontre aussi que l’ Europe ne peut parvenir à ses objectifs que par une approche proactive et globale .
En conséquence , n' arrachons pas nos vêtements et parlons d' aides publiques .
the clear violations of the rights of the hungarian minority are largely due to the activities of the influx of serbs displaced from other parts of the former yugoslavia
Monsieur le Président , la Suède doit appliquer les Traités , bien entendu .
Permettez - moi également d' étendre ces souhaits de bienvenue au commissaire Joaquín Almunia .
at the lisbon summit it appeared that the eu had rediscovered a commitment to enterprise
does thinking about this knowing that this is happening in the world not keep us awake at night
Il est tellement jeune .
in the 90s after the breakup of the soviet union yugoslavia fractured along ethnic fault lines and civil war broke out between bosnia croatia and serbia
Enfin , il conviendrait encore de prendre plusieurs mesures , mais avant toute chose , il est nécessaire d' adopter une politique garantissant aux jeunes de moins de 25 ans qu' ils ne seront jamais sans travail .
the above developments indicate that the efforts by prime minister blair at the start of his presidency i.e. to give europe back to the people have failed
On n' a pas besoin de ça .
La psychanalyse a essayé de transmettre ce message pendant 80 ans .
of course my son is learning from his linguistic environment but the environment is learning from him
i am friends with mike
globalization means free movement of capital goods technology ideas and yes people
M. Ianoukovitch a remporté les élections pour devenir président de manière démocratique , d' une courte tête il est vrai .
but where consultation fails the legislator needs to step in and this is currently the case with temporary agency work in connection with which we have long been waiting impatiently for a commission proposal
while i can indeed understand that some of the speeches made in this house meet with the approval or disapproval of visitors i really must ask those in the galleries to refrain from expressing their views
the ‘ statistical effect regions ’ are regions with less than 75 % of eu-15 gdp per capita but more than 75 % of eu-25 average gdp per capita
as things stand at present citizens of third countries do not enjoy freedom of movement within the union
my first objection is that the proposal is not in keeping with other proposals for tackling environmental problems as a result of mobility and transport
D’ un côté , la Turquie envisage la domination régionale comme une étape vers un rôle global plus important ; de l’ autre , elle se voit comme un modèle pour une modernisation réussie du Moyen - Orient selon des fondamentaux islamico - démocratiques .
he is an unsung hero
Seule la puissance dure peut négocier avec eux .
En même temps , nous nous engagerons à redoubler d' efforts pour arriver à une résolution durable et pacifique de ce conflit .
Une coopération de ce type peut apporter une contribution tangible face à la tragédie humaine , en particulier lorsqu' il faut réagir rapidement sans prendre le temps récolter des fonds .
moreover they have to comply with the strictest standards in the world increasing their production prices with the disadvantage that this gives them in comparison with third countries
L' Union européenne est un exercice extrême de résolution et de prévention pacifiques des conflits .
Je ne voulais faire que me recroqueviller et pleurer .
Le Conseil des gouverneurs démissionnera - t - il également pour avoir laissé le Conseil ne pas tenir compte de son avis ?
and it will be very valuable for the commission to follow up the various viewpoints which may be expressed so that in the end we can present a text which i hope may be acceptable to everybody
the people in the modern world in the secular world who are interested in matters of the spirit in matters of the mind in higher soul - like concerns tend to be isolated individuals
Et ils s' adonnent à une gymnastique mentale incroyable pour accomplir cela .
Un chromosome , au passage , c' est juste un morceau de matériau chimique inerte .
Une des questions les plus délicates réside dans l' articulation entre Eurojust et l' OLAF .
so the secret is unclear respect
if my group has anything to do with it parliament will make a start on that tomorrow
Nous devons penser en démocrates , à la façon dont nous pouvons tous ensemble ratifier ce que nous souhaitons .
En ce qui concerne l' étiquetage de la viande hachée , nous ne devons pas oublier que la production de viande hachée , utilisée par exemple pour les hamburgers , est un processus continu .
the secretary - general of the council javier solana at a meeting with the un secretary - general on 10 july 2007 said with regard to kosovo any further delay of this issue will not be beneficial
but they said okay aside from what we had discussed do you belong to any groups that wish to harm the united states
Il va de soi que je me félicite de l' introduction du nouveau programme Daphne .
and then one of these companies that was importing parts for the clunkers decided to set up in business start selling them to other people and gradually another company emerged out of that marin and it probably was i do n't know 10 maybe even 15 years before the big bike companies realized there was a market
i will give you a practical example
Des attaques sévères ont été portées à l’ encontre de l’ initiative européenne et nous avons donné l’ impression de chercher à imposer nos valeurs à d’ autres États souverains .
Avez - vous fait tous vos devoirs ?
Pour cause de brouillard , la circulation est temporairement suspendue .
Le premier est de faire souffler un vent de réforme politique , et les peuples du Sud sont prêts à le soutenir .
Nous devons souligner , comme vous l' avez dit , la nécessité d' une répartition juste et équitable des ressources en gardant comme priorité les régions les plus pauvres et en déclin .
that is one measure to be taken by each of our member states
the first is economic growth which as a rule is slower in europe than in the united states and asia with consequences such as high levels of unemployment and a fall in the competitiveness of businesses
Madame la Présidente , j' aurais préféré attendre un peu avant d' en venir à voter les documents dans ce Parlement .
some people wonder why we do not propose to implement a common forest policy similar to the common agricultural policy but just a strategy
to be sure our predictive ability is far from complete
we saw a huge wave of campaigns by famous people - actors heads of government and singers - who drew attention to this problem and helped focus on how to deal with it
président en exercice . - ( SL ) Je remercie M. Higgins pour cette question complémentaire .
Jusque là , les choses sont telles que décrites dans cette communication et il y a quantité de choses à améliorer quant à la méthode .
– ladies and gentlemen a free flow of information from europe is vital in supporting democracy in belarus
i am confident that the european parliament will continue to make a very valuable contribution as well
Cependant , nous ne devons pas le faire en nous basant sur le modèle de la honte et du blâme , accuser la Chine et ignorer les différences de culture et de civilisation qui nous séparent .
in the eu at the present time we have a 35 million tonne annual shortfall in plant proteins
Je pense que c' est la meilleure solution pour les clients comme pour le service .
lastly we have made a real contribution to strengthening the transatlantic relationship
Il n' y a pas eu suffisamment de préparation ni de débat sur ce sujet au sein de ce Parlement . Il s' agit pourtant d' une question d' importance .
the structural funds contribution which has enabled greater penetration of the renewable energy market was also underlined in the campaign to promote renewable energy sources launched by the transport and energy department
Mais , la chancelière allemande Angela Merkel et le président français Nicolas Sarkozy ne souhaitent pas dilapider leur propre avenir politique .
La Commission peut - elle faire une déclaration décrivant l' état de la situation par rapport à la candidature de la Croatie à adhérer à l' Union européenne ?
Une politique démographique ne peut être efficace que si elle fait partie d' un ensemble plus large de mesures destinées à lutter contre la pauvreté et contre les dangers qui menacent l' environnement .
this implies an important role for the jurisdictions in which these companies are registered for they have the power to set the rules by which the extractive industries operate
Mais parce que vous pouvez aller voir un fabricant -- que je ne nommerais pas -- nous voulions un petit écran , sans besoin d' un parfait rendu des couleurs , un pixel ou deux pouvaient manquer , il n' avait pas besoin d' être aussi lumineux .
Si cela nécessite un examen des opérations de la Banque centrale européenne , alors faisons - le .
that is the only way finally to restore consumer confidence and the only way to ensure fair competition between producers and the free market
Cela n’ a pas de sens .
under egyptian law shadia nagui ibrahim is a muslim because her father was once a muslim
Mon professeur d' anglais a recommandé que je lise ces ouvrages .
Heureusement , une recherche sur Google montre qu’ il n’ y a eu aucune réponse à cette suggestion .
we must introduce a system of specific emissions as with cars allowing us to measure what has happened and drawing the appropriate conclusions
we in europe have unfortunately already experienced such acts in germany italy france spain and many other countries
the commission highly appreciates this report and sees it as a very valuable contribution to its policy making
and as long as we can solve the problems of automobiles and i believe we can with fuel cells or hydrogen like bmw is really hip on and lots of other things then i think we can look past that and try and understand why this hook is in many of us -- of this car - y - ness -- and what that means what we can learn from it
Vous avez mis en garde , dans vos écrits et vos discours , contre le danger que représente pour nos sociétés la résurgence de l' antisémitisme .
such was the tragic toll of the fires of the western peloponnese attica and evia
En l' occurrence , il faut bien sûr tenir compte du fait qu' une autorité répressive et une autorité judiciaire opèrent différemment et que leurs compétences doivent par conséquent être différentes .
Il en résultera de véritables initiatives européennes , qui permettront un développement à long terme de nos régions .
the fact is that we are living in a global world but nevertheless fair competition can only be afforded if the same requirements and rules apply within the wto and are put into practice
mr president i would firstly like to congratulate the rapporteur mr moscovici on the excellent work he has done on this report on romania
À mon sens , la crise asiatique - dont il faut suivre bien sûr les développements - n' aura pas d' incidence sur le lancement de l' euro à la date prévue .
paris – global policymakers regularly congratulate themselves on having avoided the policy errors of the 1930 ’s during the financial crisis that began in 2008
Tout comme en 1979 , des millions d’ Iraniens sont descendu dans la rue , cette fois pour protester contre les fraudes qui ont entaché l’ élection présidentielle de juin dernier .
Mon souhait est d' aller en Suisse .
the ozone layer is one of the two layers of the atmosphere that protect life on earth
let us hope that the summit in cardiff will not be for them a further cause for disappointment
thursdays do not end with a few 4 o'clock flights they should end at 6.30
Je voudrais dire maintenant au Conseil que s' il décide de prendre des mesures unilatérales de ce type , il devra passer par le Parlement .
Grâce à vos actions , la Commission a retrouvé vivacité , respectabilité et autorité .
Quand les USA tuent 2000 personnes au Panama , ce n' est pas pour y imposer leur politique , c' est pour lutter contre le trafic de drogue .
Les produits cosmétiques font , selon moi , partie de cette dernière catégorie .
Les aides d’ État proviennent de l’ argent des contribuables , nous devons faire en sorte de pouvoir l’ expliquer à ceux qui en sollicitent l’ attribution et à ceux qui les obtiennent .
La Commission n' est guère plus bureaucratique que les bureaucraties d' autres pays .
one way of committing suicide is by taking a swan dive off a tall building
but for tereshkova and other women of her generation the great soviet state and the daring achievements of soviet science were inseparable
we therefore once again reject the liberalisation of gas and electricity advocating that they should remain in the public sector as the sole guarantee of access to a continuous service offering quality and accessible prices
parliament held a hearing on pnr at which four member states and three third countries made presentations on their use of pnr and testified to their success
Elle leur apprend à accepter l' autorité , la révélation et la foi au lieu de toujours mettre l' accent sur les preuves .
Si l’ escalade de la violence se poursuit , la spirale du conflit s’ intensifiera et mènera à des événements qui ne seront pas ressentis que par les habitants d’ Israël et de la Palestine .
Quiconque ayant besoin de rire un bon coup devrait lire la version en anglais simple de l' article de Wikipédia sur les guillemets .
this parliament must oblige all the states concerned and individual institutions to close this chapter which is one of the many italian mysteries where the truth is never found and which has seen high level involvement and assistance
Nous espérons qu’ elle sera rapidement de retour parmi nous .
the french presidency acted all the more effectively - and i wish to conclude with this - because it was able to rely on the support of all the member states of the european commission and of this house
as you know we are currently negotiating economic partnership agreements with six regions four of which are in sub - saharan africa
however it transpired that among the member states there are some which are totally unfamiliar with this legal institution
Je mentionnerai trois points que le collègue Bardong a déjà partiellement abordés .
Et vous avez l' impression que vous êtes dans votre propre village .
whatever can go wrong will go wrong
thirdly it is vital that european trade statistics should be made available more quickly
the cyprus problem has reached a critical turning point following a peace proposal put on the table by un secretary general kofi annan with a deadline impending at the end of february
membre de la Commission . ( NL ) Monsieur le Président , je vais réagir brièvement .
for example dubai -- cool place
her explanation concerning that matter matches yours
Il est absurde de soutenir un marché non compétitif par un protectionnisme extrême et de fortes aides financières .
when the health of the environment depends greatly on energy production several adjustments made by parliament endeavour to improve the research into new forms of energy
Ne pleure pas .
Le rapport de M. Deprez est d' ailleurs très bon .
Que ceci soit bien clair : il ne peut y avoir deux poids , deux mesures .
Ce qui est génial est que quelquefois , on peut monter une émotion contre une autre , la peur viscérale de tomber contre l' état de réflexion qui dit " Ok , ça va , c' est pas dangereux , c' est pas dangereux . "
you know well that this house is appealing for the union budget to pay for that
Nous devrions revenir à la position adoptée en première lecture par le Parlement , soit 0,5 % maximum .
Les chercheurs disent qu' il est plus facile de perdre du poids si vous mangez trois repas complets par jour .
new labour 's peter mandelson voiced the spirit of the past 30 years when he remarked that he felt intensely “ relaxed ” about people getting “ filthy ” rich
this has been the case for some ten years now
this fact also underlines the personal responsibility of the journalist for the content and quality of his or her work
Les nouvelles peuvent - elles être vraies ?
and the bubbles keep moving up there and this is what the world looks like today
Elle peut aller jusqu' à 5 % de l' ensemble des travailleurs dans des pays comme le Royaume - Uni .
Mais les dirigeants de Dubaï ont par ailleurs aussi montré une remarquable tolérance vis à vis de la libre expression .
Merci beaucoup !
even more surprisingly only half of this increase originates from the ten newly joined member states
last but not least we are very focused on results
Il faut qu' ils pensent qu' ils ont fait quelque chose et qu' ils veulent le partager avec vous .
and we almost sank the ship but i became enraptured with mounting expeditions and over the last 49 years i 've done about 120 121 -- i keep doing them -- expeditions
this is why i am in favour of a strict definition for every drink including vodka as well
Pourtant , nous nous trouvons aujourd'hui dans une situation où , comme le disent les rapporteurs , 13 États membres font l' objet , de la part de la Commission , de procédures d' infraction .
Un pétitionnaire de ma circonscription s' étant plaint du fait que sa pension avait été mal calculée , a été remboursé de plusieurs milliers de livres .
Assez fréquemment , ce sont des citoyens qui creusant aux marges du discours répandent des informations que les médias en place ignorent .
mr barros moura was a member of this parliament from 1986 to 1989 and then again from 1994 to 1999 in the group of the party of european socialists
Pour nous tous , observateurs et bailleurs internationaux , il est inimaginable qu' une transition vers un régime légitime et démocratiquement élu se fasse sans dialogue .
Rien en économie ne sera plus jamais pareil après cette crise .
i am pleased that richard howitt and many other members brought that up as well
Deuxièmement , j' estime qu' une approche juridico - technique d' un problème ne signifie pas qu' il existe une seule bonne réponse , comme l' a indiqué mon collègue , M. Rothley .
their complaint the course propagates conservative ideology in the guise of economic science and helps perpetuate social inequality
it is very important to decide whether this instrument should be reviewed during the lifetime of this parliament or after the european elections of 2009 when new members come in
she has a high grade of intelligence
for example the view is put forward that it is a positive thing that the member states of the eu are increasingly choosing to speak out and not allow the eu presidency to speak for all countries
Cette arme non létale a été utilisée , en fait , dans ce cas , comme un amplificateur de force létale , pour tuer plus efficacement , dans cette situation précise .
that crisis which has been the focus of so much attention including by me i think is an epiphenomenon
in that respect i do think that for some there needs to be a change of paradigm
if europe fails to do enough towards easing the problems in asia and africa an increasing number of people will take the risk of entering europe using dilapidated dinghies and neglected ships
L’ an dernier , 800 millions de dollars canadiens ont été dégagés pour attirer dans le pays des professeurs de l’ étranger .
L' ordre du jour appelle la déclaration de la Commission sur les structures d' accueil pour les enfants - objectifs de Barcelone .
the outcome is an historic one
the bottom is transformed from in this case a hard bottom or soft coral into a muddy mess
in my opinion this is a very bureaucratic amendment
that is an area of the world which we had thought was a great competitor and a threat
( PT ) Monsieur le Président , les politiques de l' Union européenne menacent les droits sociaux et les droits du travail , engendrant des protestations et des conflits .
the copenhagen agreement does not even set a target in terms of an acceptable limit for the global temperature increase
Nous sommes également des exportateurs nets de papier et pas seulement de papier de qualité supérieure , mais également de papier de base comme le papier à journaux .
Cependant , ce que l' on a exposé ici me paraît ressembler davantage à deux plans d' action séparés que l' on a présentés l' un après l' autre .
Je ne veux pas que des députés britanniques soient ici de toute façon .
Pour terminer , je voudrais insister sur le fait qu' élaborer une législation est une chose , mais que l' appliquer en est une autre .
she waited for you for two hours
Intenter un procès à l’ accusé suivant un processus juridique légal renforce l’ État de droit et est vital pour rompre le cycle de vengeance créé par des viols très répandus et des meurtres commis en toute impunité .
Un feu s' est déclenché dans mon quartier la nuit dernière .
the rejected feel dejected
Au début de ce premier débat , je ne puis que recommander à la Commission d' étudier minutieusement les résolutions , car , cette fois , le Parlement prend cette affaire très au sérieux .
in fact it was predicted long before it happened and action should have been taken much earlier to prevent the atrocities and the murder of innocent people
the message it is sending outside is that it is trying to subvert the very democracy that the turkish government is trying to build
Et en Allemagne , la revue Der Spiegel a publié une enquête dont les résultats montrent que seuls 42 % des citoyens craignaient un réchauffement climatique , comparé aux 62 % évalués en 2006 .
i had expressed my regret in this house regarding the ideological bias that was placing liberalisation at the heart of the measures proposed
Pourquoi les physiciens sont - ils convergents ? Parce qu' ils sont monotones et bornés .
but there are many institutions that are actually blocking this access
i will finish - i am now using the extra minute of speaking time as agreed - by repeating something that a colleague in my group mr horáček said
Elle se remit de sa longue maladie .
J' ai d' ailleurs dit tout à l' heure que la question pécuniaire était effectivement problématique .
et en plus , il a dit qu' il allait se débarrasser de la touche Verrouillage Majuscules -- -- et de la touche Verrouillage Numérique , aussi .
the leaders of the european union have the same fate in store for other member states that take recourse to the pact for the euro which is the european version of the greek memorandum
Le fait de focaliser l' attention sur la consommation de carburant , sans tenir compte des voitures de plus grande taille dont la conception donne priorité à la sécurité , est à notre avis une erreur .
Je vous remercie , Monsieur le Président , même si , en l' occurrence , il n' y a aucune raison de dire merci .
what can we learn from a dog when loved ones come home always run to greet them
– mr president the valuable report submitted by the commission gives an objective and realistic picture of the situation in the two countries
through such instruments we can deliver better conditions for motivation mobilisation for innovation and all these important objectives
Monsieur le Président , les conséquences de " de Wende " dans la politique des Pays - Bas commencent doucement à se faire sentir .
there is of course a large number of problems associated with enlargement
when i started in journalism -- financial times 20 years ago -- it was very very exciting to see someone reading the newspaper
i mean this just does n't work
there is a huge gap in consumer knowledge
i am also counting on the support of the presidency of this parliament to obtain a good slot for this debate
Cela nous conduira à plus de justice , certainement en ce qui concerne les PME , à plus de sécurité juridique et à une législation plus stable , chose que nous poursuivons tous .
and they are plaiting hair
J' apprécierais que vous m' aidiez .
La description dans le journal lui correspond .
L' objectif du programme , hérité de l' administration précédente , est bon : enrichir les connaissances des jeunes sur la Chine moderne .
Il faut éviter que la Biélorussie ne s' isole davantage et déstabilise ainsi la région .
L' Amérique aimerait avoir les emplois chinois et la Chine voudrait avoir de meilleures possibilités d' investissement .
Et , grâce à lui , nous aurons maintenant de l' eau pure .
this is its great merit and not any provision on its reform
this is proof for those who might still have doubts that we must not negotiate with the far right as every small victory it achieves strengthens it and makes it more commonplace
Contrairement aux banlieues de classe moyenne bien installées , dont j' ignorais l' existence , il n' y avait aucun sens de légitimité à Footscray .
with the shift of wealth and power from the west to the east the pressures of globalization will increasingly come from the east
Nous espérons qu' une solution se dégagera le plus rapidement possible .
mr president president petrosian has been re - elected but in circumstances which at the very least are questionable
yet it seems to us at this stage that tax and budget experts economists and experts in economic forecasting should play a part
Monsieur le Président de la Commission , j' ai 27 millions de bonnes raisons de déployer davantage d' efforts .
L’ accord dispose que , en cas de nomination d’ un nouveau membre de la Commission , ce dernier doit se prêter à une audition devant le Parlement européen avant d’ entrer en fonction .
i also think that it is very important that the public be given a partisan interest so that it is covered by this regulatory framework
after commission 's approval of the measures relating to the transport of passengers we shall present the measures relating to crews which is the human element and always a decisive factor
vast groups who live in the west western and non - western fundamentalists fight the unending westernization process in the name of tradition
Trois pages , voici déjà cinq ans , sur la vente exclusive de billets .
that is what i am hoping for from the incoming commission
C' est pourquoi le débat d' aujourd' hui sur la politique européenne de défense a lieu à un moment quelque peu étrange .
it was certainly very interesting to see how colleagues truly became friends in the course of that year and a half as a result of working together
J' ai reçu six propositions de résolution présentées conformément à l' article 103 , paragraphe 2 , du règlement .
La semaine prochaine , les ministres marocain et algérien des affaires étrangères ainsi que le Front Polisario sont invités à assister à une réunion de la commission des affaires étrangères .
she went to france in order to study art
En outre , il faudra des années pour que ces récentes augmentations de budget se traduisent par de nouveaux équipements .
( PL ) Monsieur le Président , le fondement du développement économique de l' Europe , c' est l' investissement dans l' éducation en tant que forme d' investissement dans le capital humain , et des innovations qui contribuent à la création de méthodes et de technologies modernes .
i have noted them down here but in order to save time i should like to give a written reply
Mais pourquoi accorder à un Algérien , par exemple , le droit de vote dans un État membre si un ressortissant de cet État membre n' a pas le droit de vote en Algérie ?
in a democracy it 's important for the press to be independent
Les médias , dans certains cas , présentent la vérité non pas telle qu' elle est , mais de la manière dont certains barons des médias souhaiteraient que le public la perçoive .
what are the values of the belgian socialist party which only goes from paedophilia scandals to corruption scandals via vandam and agusta
C' est notre devoir en tant que parlementaires .
for my part i have a very specific question
Nous avons présenté un rapport comportant 62 points détaillés , ainsi qu' un bilan du passé et des perspectives pour l' avenir .
- Monsieur le Président , j’ avais espéré attirer votre attention un peu plus tôt parce que ceci concerne l’ ordre du jour de la semaine prochaine , mais j’ espère que vous accepterez de soulever la question maintenant .
Un des projets inclus vise , précisément , l' amélioration de l' interconnexion entre le système Danube et le système Rhin - Rhône .
the aims set out are just not far - reaching enough
many european economies are already slowing with some entering recession
L’ expérience menée par le parti AKP est unique en son genre et revêt une importance mondiale .
L' augmentation des températures à laquelle nous avons assistée au cours des années 1900 a été la plus importante en mille ans .
L' introduction de ce type d' instrument de soutien , qui provient des fonds de l' UE , a une signification particulièrement importante dans une situation où les niveaux d' emprunt sont actuellement réduits et où la valeur des emprunts contractés a chuté .
i would like to highlight a number of points that were of particular concern to us in parliament and can be said to be enshrined in the outcome
competing fatah candidates split the vote ensuring that hamas nominees won
so we should think for ourselves not just listen to our intuitions
even though the right of the member states to take more stringent measures is already specified in the treaties i am delighted that this principle has once again been explicitly entrenched in the groundwater directive
the funding is limited especially when you look at the immense need for adjustment in the applicant countries
the effects of the crisis are pushing social inequalities in many countries to breaking point
bg okay so we 'll let you go and save it and rescue it
consequently i believe that we have struck a good balance
Chaque réunion Ecofin est le théâtre de nouvelles agitations .
Néanmoins , c' est dans ces moments - là qu' il faut recharger les piles de notre confiance et redoubler nos efforts .
L’ année 2009 , jalonnée de commémorations ( les 20 ans du Massacre de la place Tiananmen ) , met les nerfs des autorités chinoises à rude épreuve , et c’ est perceptible .
from that point of view i very much hope that the proposal based on the collaboration between the council and parliament will work
nor is it enough to regret that the roma are victims of serious discrimination
i can already tell you today mr president that a great many members of the group of the greens / european free alliance will support you for the referendum in luxembourg
you are aware of all that yet you say nothing
we need to legislate for a common right of asylum
C' est dans cet esprit que je suis aujourd'hui , au nom de la Commission , présent dans cet hémicycle , pour vous écouter à l' occasion du débat que vous consacrez au rapport de M. Gil - Robles et de M. Tsatsos .
the commission has abandoned the lisbon strategy too fast without carrying out a thorough analysis of why the objectives of this strategy were not achieved
Si l’ immigration doit être une solution , elle doit être associée à la question vitale de l’ intégration .
we will not know moreover if gas is the cause of the war or a consequence but in any case we will have a gas war
Les Français n' obtiennent des récompenses de l' industrie du cinéma britannique que lorsqu' ils se taisent .
La commission du développement juge positif le fait qu’ un moyen ait été trouvé pour budgétiser les secteurs d’ aide , ce qui constitue une solution plus efficace que le financement général à partir du budget .
Ne sois pas une telle poule mouillée !
Bien évidemment , les débats font rage sur ce qui compose précisément un régime alimentaire sain .
i hope it will be
Quand j' ai présenté ça au président du Sierra Leone , le jour d' après il a demandé à la banque mondiale de lui envoyer une équipe pour le conseiller sur comment mener des enchères .
Et pourtant , l’ holocauste est un phénomène unique puisque les Nations Unies l’ ont distingué des autres en lui attribuant un jour de commémoration particulier .
i do n't want to talk like they do at the particular dmv that 's close to where dave lives
Mais le ralentissement a été contenu et il le restera probablement dans un avenir rapproché .
C' est pourquoi nous avons la responsabilité de résoudre ces problèmes maintenant , sans attendre 2006 .
Mais alors , où est le problème ?
this mindset suggests that despite the panoramic city skylines the billboards and the flashy five - star hotels say otherwise china has a long way to go before it truly comes to understand and appreciate its actual accomplishments and status
i 've never done this in my life
and i kept thinking about this 70 percent
Où est le garçon ?
in the future i will certainly support the introduction of a common regulation to unify the already existing regulations on passenger rights in various transport systems which will substantially clarify the entire system of passenger rights
Je suis désolée de ne pouvoir être celle que tu voudrais que je sois .
En effet , si le Conseil se moque des prérogatives de ce Parlement , soyez assurés qu’ il se moque également de l’ indépendance de votre Commission .
Il tient à la confiance qu’ a le président , en tant que dirigeant élu par la volonté populaire , de pouvoir s’ abstraire de la surveillance du Guide suprême .
Concernant la sécurité de l' approvisionnement et l' agriculture , de nouvelles opportunités peuvent être obtenues grâce aux principes qui ont été établis .
Il en résulte que notre interdépendance économique requiert une coordination toute particulière , pas seulement dans les semaines à venir mais surtout à long terme .
Eh bien moi , je n’ en suis pas convaincu .
these abuses are continuing
one shortcoming of the measure consists in the fact that the crisis has hit both universal and specialized banks
a generous mistress whom many loved much
the belarusian helsinki committee received a warning after it contacted the un special rapporteur on the independence of judges and lawyers
De façon plus large , je ne saurais insister suffisamment sur l' importance des PME à la fois pour l' économie irlandaise et européenne .
Est -ce par conséquent le rôle du Parlement d' y apporter des modification maintenant ?
À de nombreux endroits , il n' y a pas assez de vétérinaires qualifiés pour contrôler , à une fréquence suffisante et efficacement , le respect des règlementations .
Je l' étudie parce que je crois que le comprendre est vital pour comprendre la vie dans l' océan car c' est là qu' on trouve la plupart de la bioluminescence .
cheese is easy to cut with a knife
and mr president i think that this debate gives us the opportunity to put this important subject of the creation of a unified statistical service for the european union on the agenda
fortunately thanks to the diligence of the local authorities there have been no human casualties but the material damage has been very considerable
namely a given member state may benefit from having the possibility of receiving workers from the new member states owing to its demographic profile and the challenges posed by an ageing population
the fully harmonised rules of the directive will be good for consumers
even the wages policy which we would have thought the most decentralized will not escape
( EN ) Monsieur le Président , l' intervention de M. Swoboda est tout à fait pertinente .
Il y a des aides , qui ne sont pas des aides financières , sur la question des créneaux horaires de façon à permettre aux compagnies de relever la tête , ou en tout cas de ne pas plonger plus bas .
eu 2020 must clearly mark the start of the post - lisbon phase
Maintenant , le système peut graduellement -- sous la pression du changement climatique , l' érosion , la perte de biodiversité -- perdre la profondeur de la coupe , la résilience , mais sembler sain et paraître soudain , en approchant d' un seuil , basculer . Pouf .
Le Conseil évoque 60 % des Fonds structurels alloués aux objectifs de Lisbonne .
this must change
and pablos if he stirs up our mosquitoes a little bit we can see them flying around
we must simply make better use of that potential in future
mr president commissioner ladies and gentlemen i agree with what mrs mann said on behalf of the socialist group
imagine if you will dragging a sled as you just saw in that video clip with 170 pounds of gear in it everything you need to survive on your antarctic trek
Nous pouvons y travailler ; je pense que nous serons capables d' atteindre ce but !
regulation must be simple
qui pointera vers le milieu de la galaxie , pour voir si nous pouvons observer ses particules de matière noire en train de s' annihiler et de produire des rayons gamma qui pourraient y être détectés .
if as the report states it is true that growth is returning it is simply disgraceful that only a small minority in europe will benefit from this
it works to the advantage of the multinationals and of those holding a sugar monopoly
this is quite interesting
Et je suppose – sans aucune preuve -- que si on pouvait revenir à l’ époque et faire une recherche vous découvririez que la comédie est la deuxième plus ancienne profession virale .
stop fooling around
En matière de coopération transfrontalière , les programmes INTERREG de la période 1995 - 1999 représentent un progrès substantiel par rapport à ceux des périodes précédentes , en particulier sur les frontières où il n' existait aucune coopération avant 1990 .
Et trouver comment faire cela d' une façon qui traduirait véritablement ce qui se passait , sans que la foule compacte dans la cellule empêche de voir l' événement .
Monsieur le Président , je comprends nos collègues danois dans cette question des correspondances aériennes .
. - Monsieur le Président , nous saluons également ce rapport sur Progress .
Malheureusement , l' une des conséquences directes de la crise économique est une crise internationale des donateurs avec , en toile de fond , une montée toujours plus rapide du niveau de pauvreté .
Ce sont là des problèmes difficiles .
C' est l' autre grosse génération .
L' union européenne n' a pas seulement besoin de réformer ses institutions rapidement , elle doit également proposer à ses citoyens et aux entreprises une politique capable d' alléger les effets collatéraux de la concurrence intensive et de l' ouverture du marché .
mr president i think that you know everything there is to know about pig production in bavaria
. Nous dénonçons cette résolution commune qui constitue une provocation pour tous ceux qui , à travers le monde , sont opposés à la guerre impérialiste menée injustement contre l’ Irak et luttent pour la paix .
so how 's all this governed
L' Union européenne ne peut endurer en silence des embargos généralisés et injustifiés comme celui du Canada ou des mesures de rétorsion telles que les États - Unis nous les imposent .
Ainsi j' ai pensé que je pourrais vous montrer quelques - unes de ces vidéos afin que vous perceviez cette nouvelle définition étendue de création de produits , de services et d' environnements .
Ce processus s’ accompagne de graves conséquences économiques et sociales .
Les leçons des précédentes crises bancaires dans le monde auraient pu être apprises plus rapidement .
L' UE dispose aujourd'hui d' un véritable moyen de pression sur le régime de Loukachenko , et peut assujettir la poursuite de la coopération et de l' aide économique de l' UE à une véritable amélioration dans ce domaine .
in this instance we are applying a quite different procedure
Nous voulons promouvoir l’ énergie renouvelable pour ces raisons également : nous voulons réduire la dépendance par rapport au pétrole et au gaz et nous voulons amener sous contrôle le problème du changement climatique .
unfortunately numerous right - wing governments have abandoned their policies combating the gender gap under the pretext of the recession
i therefore reiterate my group 's support for mr fernández 's report and hope that the commission will continue to protect this small group of impoverished countries
i want to tell you that i altered my schedule on monday night here in strasbourg in order to meet with the representatives of the inter - trade union committee
J' informerai la Conférence des présidents de la situation que vous venez de décrire , et je ne doute pas que nous parvenions à une solution satisfaisante .
La conversion de Damas n’ est pas seulement possible , elle est d’ une importance vitale pour la paix dans la région .
by doing this i personally believe that we are also acting in the interests of consumers
but if we are to be ambitious as i would like to be there has to be an understanding between the commission and parliament as well as between the commission and the council
the last of the three countries is a candidate for eu membership in 2007 and the accession process has had a moderating effect on romanian politics
this is the form in which a state can best protect its citizens and promote a dialogue between its communities
Sur tous ces points qui , en vérité , n' en font qu' un seul , l' Europe a encore à faire ses preuves .
Tout le monde est parti . Cela vous montre comment le monde capitaliste fonctionne .
ten per cent of the world 's biomedical research funds are dedicated to addressing the problems that are responsible for 90 % of the world 's burden of disease that is the imbalance
i promise you that i will take the message and of course it will be an objective one as there was quite a lot of action
or another analogy would be a caterpillar has been turned into a butterfly
farmers live with nature and make their living from it
Je pense que grâce à une méthodologie cohérente et rigoureuse et à une observation à long terme indépendante et impartiale , l' UE figure parmi les organisations observatrices internationales les plus crédibles .
they 're our cottage industries they are vulnerable single people
Il est fort probable qu' elle soit sortie de l' eau pour aller en surface , comme ce fut le cas sur Terre .
Mais je tiens à vous dire que tout ce qui se rapporte au fait de disposer de ressources pour élargir les réseaux sera intéressant et bénéficiera de notre soutien .
where would you like to go next
allow me to make a brief observation with regard to reducing the use of mercury of which everyone is in favour
as we know there is no doubting the importance of local labour markets resources institutions and authorities to harmonious and sustainable development
Je vais faire un gâteau pour la fête de Marie .
Il est scandaleux que des personnes puissent déclarer être indépendantes alors qu' en réalité , il est évident qu' elles ne le sont pas .
i would like to emphasise this so that we will not be given this responsibility in the future a political responsibility that should not be seen merely in economic terms
3 the eu ’s smaller and mid - sized members above all will pay the price for the irish decision when foreign policy becomes re - nationalized
and there are actually more species of bees than there are mammals and birds combined
but i have my doubts about semen since the measures we have heard about such as sterilization as the word indicates would leave it useless
now i know that bodies that act together find this difficult
Et quand ils sont transmis par l' eau , contrairement aux deux premiers modes de transmission , ces agents pathogènes ne comptent pas sur un hôte sain pour leur transmission .
Ces mesures devront être révisées à la fois pour augmenter l' offre de travail et pour assainir les finances publiques .
the corbett reform has been a help we can see that every lunchtime when it comes to the vote
in this respect i would like to thank the belgian presidency for their commitment to transposition
Elle lui a ordonné de le faire .
Les Japonais apportent une contribution financière considérable à la solution des problèmes de la Bosnie .
by contrast the emerging - market countries after a short slide have managed to re - ignite their growth engines and are sailing full - speed ahead racking up impressive growth rates
Monsieur le Président , beaucoup de questions ont été posées sur la fiscalité .
Dans ce cas , notre profit social ne serait pas de 210 milliards mais plutôt de 390 milliards de dollars ; et nous aurions tort de ne pas recommencer .
Les petits acteurs ne peuvent concurrencer les grands en terme de puissance militaire , mais ils peuvent s' imposer sur la scène internationale par la violence et construire un discours qui affecte le pouvoir d' influence de ses cibles .
Sa croissance économique a été et demeure particulièrement remarquable ; elle a vu des centaines de millions de Chinois sortir de la pauvreté .
but the stringent institutional reforms that they demand while beneficial in theory might not stabilize let alone enhance the development process
however i will happily grant him the right to do so
the new observations did not refute the existence of a cosmological term
first the eurozone is in deep recession especially in the periphery but now also in the core economies as the latest data show an output contraction in germany and france
Je n' entends pas cela .
i would state once again that an initiative as important as this justifies the creation of a specific programme with its own legal basis
Mais la métaphore est plus riche que cela .
now here 's the crazy thing right now
high global commodity prices have helped all the country ’s major economic sectors mining business in the west agro - industrial production and hydrocarbon projects in the east and further oil and gas development in the south
in venezuela bolivia ecuador and mexico it exceeded 40 %
De ce point de vue , comme vous le savez , l' Union européenne est le principal contributeur en matière d' aide au développement .
Mis en ouvre correctement , ces traités peuvent constituer un précédent prometteur pour l’ ensemble de l’ Union européenne .
L' UE est donc en principe habilitée à accorder également un droit de douane préférentiel aux bananes ACP non traditionnelles .
i have taken part in various seminars and conferences and listened carefully to everyone including through the media in my search for the best possible synthesis
at some point we need to set a time limit
Mon frère est étudiant de première année .
as a trading nation ireland can only benefit from a fully functioning single market
Le jour du départ , les chambres devraient être libérées pour onze heures .
this is more a project of the european parliament than of any other institution
do n't distract me while i am studying
Un des problèmes a trait à la difficulté de trouver des données concrètes fiables sur l' impact du déliement .
Je répète , on n' a besoin que de deux personnes .
computerisation of excise duty monitoring is one of the commission 's priorities in this sector
Si besoin est , nous pouvons procéder à cette séparation au moment de l’ adhésion réelle puisqu’ il est possible de postposer l’ adhésion d’ un an maximum .
but florence also stands for the medicis for poison
Le premier point de référence est le sujet de l’ immigration , qui est un défi pour nous tous .
C' est pourquoi nous ne possédons pas de réponse claire à cette question .
Ainsi , la doctrine des Three Represents constitue un effort pour sauver le règne d' un seul parti .
En matière d’ allocation de fonds , l’ UE adopte petit à petit une approche basée sur les candidatures et sur la transparence , grâce au règlement financier .
in addition these measures as you said at the end of your speech should not bring about new legislative problems which would apply additional pressure to the competitiveness of the european car industry
Puisque vous êtes fatiguée , vous devriez vous reposer .
above all americans see europe as a continent of self - inflicted stagnation - and with good reason
relations between the european union and belarus depend on both parties
Il l' a vu aussi .
Je me félicite que ce texte dénonce les discours incitant à la haine raciale , le profilage ethnique , les prises illicites d' empreintes digitales et les expulsions illicites .
L' Union européenne ne lève pas le petit doigt pour empêcher les grandes entreprises de prendre des décisions et des actions de ce genre ; au contraire , ces entreprises sont encouragées et financées au moyen de ressources nationales et communautaires .
the conductor lorin maazel who chose a program of wagner dvorak gershwin and bernstein was less cynical
Il est important de souligner que la présence d' un désert aux alentours n' a aucune conséquence sur la désertification .
i found it difficult to convince her
Permettez - moi d' abord de remercier le Parlement de m' avoir invité à faire cette déclaration sur la défense commerciale .
please send me a reply as soon as you receive this mail
thus the council stated its intention to create an ambitious long - term and integrated approach for each of these three neighbouring countries
why is n't there any money in my wallet
Nous devrons investir dans une nouvelle génération de centrales nucléaires , dans la sécurité du stockage et la réutilisation des matières combustibles , et dans la fusion nucléaire .
Telle est mon opinion .
we have to unlock the potential of the 25 eu member states
Résultats ? Aucun .
En d' autres termes , l' UE finance les partis politiques et contrôle leurs activités .
i 'm sorry to cause you all this trouble
she seems to have something to do with the affair
Quand on regarde ce qui se passe avec les marchés publics , on voit que l' Allemagne et la France se moquent bien souvent des directives qui réglementent ce domaine . Il conviendrait de mieux regarder la réalité de ce côté .
i agree with the purposes and goals which are to ensure a high level of protection for human health and the environment
C' est notamment parce que des gens comme Averroès ont existé et interprété , expliqué et introduit Aristote en Europe , car c' est par ce détour qu' il est arrivé jusqu' à nous .
Je pense à ton amour pour moi ,
L' utilisation d' OGM pose un autre problème épineux , qui suscite une controverse particulièrement vive .
Pour conclure , je voudrais aborder quelques - unes des priorités avancées par le rapporteur général .
approximately eur 86 billion has been allocated to research and innovation for the 2007 - 2013 period
- ( DE ) Mon groupe soutient la recommandation sur l' accord de partenariat ACP / CE .
and rumi 's stories are metaphors for the spiritual path in the presence of god there is no room for more than one i and that is the i of divinity
do we want to open up our market to genetically modified organisms gmos or to beef from cattle raised on hormones
L' Europe n' est pas capable de prendre position en Corée du Nord pour assurer notre sécurité .
it will also enable the starch industry to improve its utilisation of production capacity
there can be no democracy without pluralist information
La montée en flèche du PIB sera le résultat du rebond cyclique de 1,2 % par an combiné à l’ augmentation éventuelle du PIB en cas de plein emploi .
Nous ne pouvons les accepter dans ce contexte élargi , horizontal , qui concerne non seulement l' hygiène , mais également les contaminants , les additifs , les matières en contact avec la nourriture et encore beaucoup d' autres choses .
the man is eating bread
En même temps , toutefois , il ne fait aucun doute que le pays exporte la drogue vers le reste du monde .
it is clear that if there are signs that risks are materialising additional measures would need to be implemented
it clearly lays down the right to full freedom of thought conscience and religion
J´ai parlé avec une femme la semaine dernière qui avait pour père un docteur célèbre .
Monsieur le Président , Mesdames et Messieurs les députés , il semble vraiment qu' il ne suffise pas de réitérer l' importance du tourisme dans l' économie européenne comme nous le faisons souvent à la commission des transports et du tourisme .
Je confirme à nouveau que le Conseil a , pour sa part , formellement et définitivement adopté hier le compromis global présenté à la commission des budgets .
we often hear about an energy crisis these days
the industry council of the labour movement in denmark predicts that if the timetable laid down in the maastricht treaty is adhered to unemployment in the european union will rise by about one million
Il faudrait donc un réel travail d' information et d' explication .
Le coût pour les USA en sera une génération de jeunes Arabes du Moyen - Orient prêts à croire à n' importe quelle rumeur à leur sujet , aussi extrême ou absurde soit - elle , convaincus du pire .
i voted in favour of the amendment for the purposes of group solidarity and because i believe that clear support for the concept of an ftt from europe may spur further discussions at the g20
Et ces couches -- c' est ce que la surface était avant , il y a un million d' années , il y a dix millions d' années , cent millions d' années , et des dépôts s' accumulent dessus .
too many sweets make you fat
Nous pensons cependant que la politique néolibérale encouragée par les Occidentaux a contribué à créer des problèmes sociaux graves , comme le chômage et l' accroissement des écarts entre les différentes couches de la société .
windows is the most used operating system in the world
however i protest because when the vote was taken we and numerous other members were meeting in the committee on budgets
En même temps , nous avons réhabilité près de 200 centres de soins primaires et 10 hôpitaux .
we are very dissatisfied with the way in which the european council and preparatory discussions have paid little heed to public debate and public opinion
Je voudrais simplement dire clairement que les réformes entreprises en Grèce n' ont conduit en aucune façon à ce que la richesse privée des Grecs , qui est très importante , endosse réellement une partie du poids des coûts de l' État .
C' est un fait , et il est inutile de s' en offusquer .
this was an identity clash that had nothing to do with the essential messages of christianity
the commission will include where available data on women in its progress report on the implementation of the strategic guidelines for rural development
we have mentioned racism and anti - semitism as subjects that must remain on europe ’s agenda
La formation de la nouvelle Commission nous donne l' occasion de nous attaquer aujourd'hui aux problèmes qui ont mené à la crise et finalement , à la démission de la Commission actuelle .
Je vais te dire la vérité : je t' ai menti .
i also welcome the ban on the importation of iuu fish and the publication of a list of vessels involved in iuu fishing
Pas une bonne image . Maintenant , mes amis dans l' île de Nevis font un peu mieux . Regardez ça ! C' est Isaac Newton .
Non , car le marché sans frontières ne peut quand même pas exister seulement pour les pamplemousses et les bigarades ; il doit également exister pour les personnes !
Les chiffres ont un total de 230 .
Nous avons mondialisé la planète . Qu' est -ce que cela signifie ?
the only people responsible for these standards are the people sitting in the offices of this private organisation in london who are undoubtedly influenced in making their standards by the desire to keep themselves in a job
Madame le Président , je voudrais tout d' abord intervenir sur la question du CO2 .
En conséquence , le règlement vise à simplifier la législation et la procédure douanières .
we have proposed this closed - loop system for all batteries
they 're far more efficient in terms of energy
La quantité de terres arables sur la planète n’ a pas substantiellement changé en plus d’ un demi-siècle .
this leads me to the second question why is intercultural dialogue important
Des politiques macroéconomiques stables doivent également être en place , tout en évitant des taux de change fixes .
Les éventuels effets négatifs des différences fiscales existantes sont minimes .
Je me réjouis de la présence de Sir Leon Brittan pour lui demander de nous écouter , de faire attention à nous et de tenir compte de nous .
Il est un peu tard pour prier .
Mais il doit encore faire parvenir des signaux convaincants et rassurants au Liban .
La liberté d' expression et la liberté de réunion sont des droits humains fondamentaux dont chacun doit pouvoir bénéficier et que l' État est en devoir de défendre .
it is not an option and this extension is causing the market economy to grind to a complete halt in the realm of waste management
it is an opportunity to reorganise the whole pan - european and global financial architecture
Combien ont été obligés de partir en préretraite ?
and so now when the polar ice caps melt my recording studio will rise up like an ark and i 'll float off into the drowned world like a character from a j.g ballard novel
citizenship at a national level is made up among other things of language culture and history
yesterday 's resolution was counter - productive - it gets us nowhere at all
southeast asia ’s return to prosperity since the financial crisis of 1997 has brought a region - wide splurge on new weapons
Vu que , comme M. Fabre - Aubrespy l' a dit à raison , les amendements n' étaient pas disponibles , on y a décidé que le rapporteur présenterait en plénière , au moment du vote , l' avis de la commission du contrôle budgétaire .
Dans ce cas , les donneurs doivent - ils défendre leur intérêt personnel en exploitant leur droit ou doivent - ils donner leurs tissus dans l' intérêt des autres malades ?
we argue against this in the resolution because the time is not yet ripe
and just like the strings on a violin they can vibrate in different patterns producing different musical notes
in some areas it is downright worse than the eu 's existing practice
the humanitarian context has changed profoundly in recent years
it 's been declining and i believe it will continue to decline
the commission as i told parliament 's relevant committee on 9 september 2003 is working to a deadline of christmas 2003
but the more their politicians argue over the debt ceiling the greater the risk that the wiring will become irreparably frayed
Et il y a un essai clinique étendu de ce tissu en préparation .
i am a lover of the beautiful
Logiquement , les producteurs de fourrage mixte devraient cesser , au plus tard en janvier 2003 , l' utilisation de Nifursol afin de ne plus avoir de tels aliments dans les silos à partir de début mars .
Il est fondamental qu' un organisme indépendant , reconnu par l' AIEA et l' Union européenne , effectue un contrôle des normes de sécurité de ces centrales .
Dès lors , je pense qu' elles en tireront également un avantage .
Ensuite vient cet homme de Madère qui nous dit : » Vu notre éloignement , nous aimerions également bénéficier d' une aide . Vous savez , la situation est tellement difficile lorsqu' on se trouve dans une région périphérique ! »
– this year ’s unaids report on the trends in the epidemic has been even more distressing than in the past the projections for sub - saharan africa and for its survival in the new century are extremely grave
however now we are in a phase in which as a result of the economic situation and as a result of the legislation we are preparing here the transition to a new era of mobility can be achieved
it 's easier to handle it 's something that we understand really well
( PL ) Monsieur le Président , les objectifs de la stratégie de Lisbonne ont été définis voici huit ans .
clearly this report covers a number of areas besides those i work with on a daily basis concerning the environment but i shall be dealing with the report as a whole
on the contrary our identity and our strength contribute to the excellence of our working standards of production
if the world was a smarter place we could solve this problem for negative 19 billion dollars
En guise d' introduction à mon second rapport sur le cabotage , il me semble utile de donner un bref compte rendu historique de cette proposition qui a connu un destin singulier et parcouru , je dois le dire , un chemin semé d' embûches .
La brillante dramaturge , Adrienne Kennedy , a écrit un ouvrage intitulé " Les gens qui ont mené à mes pièces de théâtre " Et si j' avais à écrire un ouvrage , il s' intitulerait " Les artistes qui ont mené mes expositions " parce que mon travail , qui consiste à comprendre l' art et la culture , se fait en suivant des artistes , en observant ce que les artistes expriment , ce qu' ils font et qui ils sont .
Le juste milieu serait probablement de parvenir à un accord afin d' éliminer du bilan une partie de la dette grecque impayée , combiné avec un moratoire de cinq ans sur les paiements des intérêts restants .
they have assessed the situation and i agree with their assessment
A l' heure actuelle , le dollar américain domine toujours .
his famous steady hand is trembling
Finallement , tout à la fin , en 1964 , la NASA mit un pied dans le projet et dit , " D' accord , nous allons soutenir une étude de faisabilité pour une petite version qui pourrait être lancée avec des Saturn V assemblées ensemble . "
the eu 's consolidated enlargement agenda covers the western balkans and turkey
Aucun pays important dans l’ histoire mondiale n’ a jamais continuellement entretenu un taux d’ épargne négatif .
Quand un journal publie des éléments extraits de documents qui ont filtré , les députés ne peuvent avoir accès aux documents en question .
as members have said it is important to endeavour to ascertain why obstacles still stand in the way of achieving equality between women and men and to find out how they can be overcome
in a world of ubiquitous advertising there is no natural limit to the hunger for goods and services
it 's never allowed to be photographed
Si jamais la Commission se penchait sur la question des obligations des prestataires de services , il est préférable qu' elle n' opère pas de distinction entre services publics et privés .
D' un côté , cette résolution déplore à juste titre le fait que les personnes les plus talentueuses quittent les pays en développement , et déclare que cette fuite des cerveaux porte préjudice à l' économie de ces pays .
mr president madam commissioner ladies and gentlemen this proposal regarding the ionization of food was presented for first reading in 1989
the rapid reaction facility is something that in our judgement we can do fairly quickly if we have the support of parliament and if we have the support of the council
La Commission estime qu' il est correct de traiter les problèmes horizontaux , communs à ce contexte plus vaste , par des actions et interventions à caractère horizontal plutôt que par des solutions circonscrites , limitées à un seul service .
fi mr president commissioner ladies and gentlemen both sides did wrong and broke international agreements
he is indeed a man of his word
chris anderson that was an incredible talk
these are not unimportant dossiers
Public : Où est votre laboratoire ?
he was a member of the committee on foreign affairs human rights common security and defence policy and was also a member of the delegation for relations with the palestinian legislative council
Ce jour - là , le 6 mai , les organisations non gouvernementales devaient en fait rencontrer le ministre turc des affaires étrangères et le ministre compétent pour les droits de l' homme .
finally ladies and gentlemen i just want to end by thanking you for the opportunity to take part in this debate and reiterating the commission 's support for the essential objectives set out in mr anastassopoulos report
and because democracy is about institutions as much as about individual candidates it is also good for citizens to exercise their right to vote
these are matters with major implications
the european parliament has approached this matter very seriously with in particular two resolutions adopted in 1982 and 1988 which provide a frame of reference for the action to be undertaken in this field
En juillet , le Conseil a suivi l' avant - projet de budget de la Commission en ce qui concerne l' accord de pêche international et a prié la Commission d' affecter exclusivement ces crédits à d' autres accords de pêche .
Si nous arrêtons de le mesurer ou si nous nous contentons d' utiliser des critères sociaux et environnementaux dans nos mesures , nous courons au désastre .
you wo n't make the key otherwise
i agree with your opinion
i agree that illicit manufacturing and trafficking of firearms their parts and components and ammunition have harmful effects on the security of all inhabitants of the eu
at the end of may the commission will present its blueprint for how to organise such a system of financial supervision in europe
in writing - de there is no such thing as good or bad debt the continual rise in national debt must be stemmed
the issue of the disposal of pops - contaminated waste has been at the centre of the difficulties in finding a compromise
J' ai fait pipi au lit jusqu' à l' âge de dix ans .
madam president as the day draws to a close i would like to thank the commissioners and members of parliament who have taken part in the debate and reflect briefly on what has been said
alors vous voyez que la Sierra Leone et L' Ile Maurice sont complètement différentes .
i went to the market
Cela commença en Afghanistan , et quand l' Afghanistan se passa tout en douceur et avec rapidité une décision fut prise à travers la technologie de la démocratie - à noter encore qu' elle n' est pas une technologie parfaite - mais à travers la technologie de la démocratie : que cette administration allait s' engager dans le sens d' une nouvelle guerre .
but also i find that i 've got the benefit of taking away all the surface which is things that people are used to seeing
M. Müntefering n’ a fait que suivre l’ humeur populaire en développant sa théorie du capitalisme des criquets pèlerins .
this includes all commercial aspects of exploitation as well as the legal contractual and financing structures of the different exploitation models that will ensure that a stable governance model is put into place
Il prendra aussi en compte les rapports des commissions de votre Parlement , ainsi que le rapport Bozkurt .
Concernant la Libye et la Syrie , deux contrées plus lointaines , les Saoudiens se sont peu prononcés , peut - être pour éviter de se retrouver du côté des perdants dans un contexte incertain .
Enfin , la Commission européenne continue d' être convaincue , comme je le dirais moi - même , qu' il n' y a pas de solution militaire au conflit ethnique du Sri Lanka .
Et je crois qu' il vous faudra être vraiment authentique , il vous faudra rester fidèle à vous - même pour surmonter ce à quoi vous allez être exposé .
Mais ces objections ne signifient pas que nous ne souhaitons pas bon travail à la Commission .
Nous en arrivons ainsi à 1997 , l' année des grands changements .
there is an eu programme called interreg – detailed in the british press today – which demands the setting - up of ‘ transnational regions ’
that is how we shall be able to fulfil the objective that the eu must pursue so enhancing the whole of european society
Bien sûr , les scientifiques peuvent se tromper , de même que les responsables politiques , comme nous l' avons vu avec Thabo Mbeki et le sida .
Je suis trop vieille pour ça .
En 1980 , quand sa fameuse série télévisée Free to Choose [ Libre de choisir ] a été diffusée , l’ économie mondiale était en plein remaniement .
to pursue our goals of highest standards on nuclear safety we interact with russia both at the bilateral level and in multilateral fora such as the international atomic energy agency and the g8
many countries have built up large official foreign - exchange reserves in part as greater self - insurance against adverse external developments
Plus d’ un millier de pages de preuves font actuellement l’ objet d’ une enquête juridique et nous , une poignée de députés , terminerons le travail qui aurait dû être accompli par les gouvernements chargés de désigner les commissaires .
thirdly it is absolutely crucial that the commission present as rapidly as possible its draft directive on environmental responsibility which is the only solution that will force negligent or even unwilling factory owners to comply with restrictive regulations
Néanmoins l' enseignement des Euménides reste d' actualité : si elle n' est pas contrôlée par la loi , la violence ne s' arrête pas .
this can is empty
please stop being so unpleasant and pouring cold water on everything
Vous savez probablement qu' environ 25 millions d' Africains sont touchés par le virus , et que le SIDA est une maladie de la pauvreté .
about two generations after the top of that curve once the effects of a declining population start to settle in
it has been mentioned that the dutch presidency has partly put into effect the treaty of amsterdam
Elle se connaît bien .
Il se trouve aussi que l' État d' Israël a lui - même pris des sanctions économiques dures contre les Palestiniens , par exemple en entravant leurs exportations de fleurs à destination de l' Union européenne .
. Ce rapport est en contradiction avec un principe très important de la coopération de l’ UE , à savoir le principe du pays d’ origine .
Ainsi l' Union européenne reste trop faible dans sa lutte contre les retombées négatives , sociales et culturelles , de la mondialisation .
the sorting of waste which they carry out therefore appears to be useless
it 's an honor to have you at ted
i know the day i know who i am i know you 're presenting
he never forgot his ambition to become a great politician
J' aimerais aussi féliciter le rapporteur , M. Mohamed Alí .
although i welcome this as the rapporteur for the transparency directive i recognise that work to achieve actual convergence still has to be done
La Commission accordera par conséquent la priorité aux activités en cours dans ce secteur .
Et peut - être le plus connu : elle assure un équilibre à l' arrêt .
Descendant de l' avion en même temps que moi ici à Strasbourg , il m' a dit : " Mais quel mauvais repas nous avons reçu !
La première consiste à vendre aux enchères certaines allocations au lieu de les allouer gratuitement ; c’ est possible pour la deuxième période d’ échange .
Toutefois , tout ceci est loin d' être évident , étant donné que ce sont les États membres qui décident de l' utilisation des Fonds structurels en fonction de leurs propres priorités .
as you know i have wanted to work with the european parliament from the beginning
Premièrement , la base juridique proposée par la Commission exécutive nous paraît correcte .
Les océans contrôlent , ou tout du moins influencent de manière importante , entrent en corrélation avec les schémas de croissance et les schémas de sécheresse , et les schémas des pluies sur les continents .
the downhill race is now over
Les intérêts de l' enfant doivent être protégés de façon adéquate et représentés en appliquant les procédures nécessaires .
i agree with the rapporteur that this is a very important step in the long - term struggle that has just begun for the health and nutrition of european citizens
Par exemple le droit du sélectionneur de plantes est une protection juridique traditionnelle pour les plantes sélectionnées , et sur cette base on aurait pu concevoir également la protection juridique pour les animaux .
i suspect that mr barzanti has probably got a pile even larger than that
Il devra figurer à l' ordre du jour .
Nous devons faire un effort pour promouvoir les produits d' exportation les plus importants de l' Union européenne : la démocratie , les droits de l' homme , la paix et la sécurité .
we also hope for significant success on the agricultural products cases that you have identified
if the watchwords are transparency democracy and proximity to the people we shall also be happy to do so
what if the commission was to think about adopting different approaches
i call upon all of you here not to allow the spirit of a europe of closed doors and defences against people who seek our help to win the day
Il contribue au développement d' activités conjointes et de coopération , mais pas à leur établissement .
gh ok e for effort
Elle prépare d' excellents repas en un tour de main .
that is because it does not have the support of a majority of the population for such steps and labour could otherwise expect to be voted out
she can not be over thirty
many armenians believe that tsarukyan has carte blanche to do whatever he wants when he wants
we must not however forget that these regions can not remain dependent on tourism alone an activity of whose vulnerability we are all aware
L' Union européenne doit se mettre à la hauteur des événements .
this fellow is a very nice bird this is the pied cuckoo
while african political leaders have ultimate responsibility for protecting their citizens faith communities share deeply in this commitment
we saw the sun sink below the horizon
china has weathered much but its big test has yet to come
J' ai marié ma fille .
ambitious but thwarted presidents are easily tempted to take unconstitutional measures after all they reason the people elected them directly
its people who are our european neighbours need this
Je pense que le message est clair .
these efforts could also be supported by creating a statistical register of enterprises in the social economy in each european union member state and by inputting the data into the eurostat european statistics system
what happened
the winds of change will blow once again through the middle east which remains threatened by both religious fundamentalism and foreign pressure
this concerns for example the taxation of energy use - which i have just spoken about - and the eu emissions trading scheme for greenhouse gas emissions
i agree with the basic idea of creating a european framework for regulations on the organisation of working time
this i think represents one of the most beautiful classic submersibles built
i congratulate the french presidency for this successful mandate
La visite du nouveau musée vaut le coup .
in writing - mep schwab has proposed a report which aims to increase car safety through the introduction of increased safety measures requirements for car manufacturers
and here there are two conflicting ideas one - from the council - which is timid narrow - minded and slow and the other which is the one the commission wants to opt for
Monsieur Varela , je ferai très volontiers la démarche que vous souhaitez .
and this deputy jumped up and he ran over to this older black man
now is the time for the eu 's own institutions to comply with the same standards
mr president i think that after 50 years we can take stock with a critical eye
Cependant , je souhaiterais également souligner que ce problème demeure non résolu depuis sept mois .
we must take both immediate and long - term action
Comme je le pensais , elle est vierge !
this situation can not go on indefinitely here in europe
Le libre accès aux eaux situées au - delà de la zone des 12 milles est un principe fondamental de la politique commune de la pêche .
Alors sérieusement , y a -t -il un côté sombre ?
one of the most pressing issues facing the disadvantaged roma minority is finding employment
Pour eux , les changements climatiques ne constituent pas une priorité .
On dit sans cesse qu' on va certainement le faire , mais on ne voit jamais rien venir .
Renforcement donc des opérateurs du secteur et de toute la filière .
Je pense que c' est un message très important pour l' avenir : travaillons ensemble , soyons ouverts d' esprit et encourageons la créativité .
i regard that as one of the greatest successes of the introduction of the euro that at least for my grandchildren it is nothing special any more
science has demonstrated the cost - effectiveness of food fortification and the technologies and know - how are available in the private sector which has the capacity to innovate and deliver products to the poorest
L' orange a laissé un goût étrange dans ma bouche .
Et en ce qui me concerne , je pensais à une baleine à bosse sautant hors de l' eau , ou a des dauphins .
. ( NL ) Dans le passé , la côte occidentale de l' Europe s' est enrichie grâce aux conquêtes coloniales et au contrôle économique exercé dans le Tiers - Monde .
Finalement elle a choisi un autre chaton .
Mais c' est comme ça que l' on fait les choses aux Etats - Unis
Et en troisième lieu , il doit soutenir la recherche des causes de la maladie . Tout ceci , bien entendu , exige que des moyens financiers suffisants soient alloués pour que l' action pour lutter contre cette maladie puisse être cohérente .
[ confus ] qui est sur la photo .
Dans mon pays , cette pratique est interdite , et il va donc de soi que le groupe libéral soutient la proposition consistant à généraliser cette interdiction .
Même moi je pouvais porter de quoi clôturer un enclos de 10 ares et l' installer en 15 minutes .
Elle a eu du mal à se lever .
L’ une des caractéristiques essentielles du plan d’ action de la Commission est qu’ il s’ agit essentiellement d’ un processus en deux étapes .
La porte s' ouvrait automatiquement .
La bulle financière mondiale ne peut , ni ne doit être recréée .
Même une situation d' état d' urgence ne peut donner lieu à des mesures disproportionnées en termes de droits fondamentaux et d' expression individuelle .
so again which potential do we want to bring out
Je me suis spécialisée en philosophie , à l' université .
Si un pays comme la Grèce veut s’ en sortir , elle devrait mettre tout en œuvre pour ne pas faire partie de la première ni de la deuxième vague de restructurations et de programmes du FMI .
my group is of the opinion that the political world and certainly europe has the obligation to support such developments
Parmi les priorités identifiées figure un mode de résolution alternative des conflits .
Malgré la nature technique exceptionnelle de la proposition de règlement , il ne faut pas sous-estimer sa valeur pour l' Europe et les États membres .
so this is an appeal to all governments to submit good proposals to spend this money
J' ai soutenu les amendements relatifs au génocide arménien .
as with climate change action is needed now and the commission is fully involved in this
Pour ce qui est de leur position vis-à-vis de l' Europe , certains hommes politiques me font parfois penser à James Mill , le père de John Stuart Mill .
the main environmental damage is caused by overfishing of depleted stocks of commercially valuable fish not to mention damage to non - targeted species including fish and damage to the marine habitat such as coral beds
perhaps i had forgotten the travails of president george w. bush ’s predecessors in their second term but his own current predicament shows that the constitutional limit has its own problems
much is made of the difference of the balkans and particularly of the differences of religious heritage with the orthodox church
mr president as an oral amendment i would like to propose that the protection of biodiversity in our amendment would be an addition to the original text of the paragraph
madam president commissioner ladies and gentlemen i totally agree with mrs lulling
reference is made to the french example when as you know france abandoned the project the government having withdrawn it from the national assembly
J' en sais la raison , mais je ne peux pas vous la dire .
Nous parlons alors du respect du caractère fini des ressources humaines et prenons conscience de la nécessité de mettre en place des modèles socio-économiques axés sur l' avenir .
Economiquement parlant , il est important de maintenir le système des compléments de revenus pour les pays de l' Union , alors qu' il n' est pas nécessaire de les accorder aux producteurs des pays adhérents .
we also urged you to retain the narrow focus on anti - counterfeiting as indicated in the title of the agreement
Madame la Présidente , en période de crise économique , seules l' ouverture des marchés et la suppression des barrières nous permettront de reconstruire notre industrie , de créer des emplois et de favoriser le développement .
they get used out in the real world like in texas like this
i also agree that the submission of thematic strategies has not generated effective results
creativeness that is undermined is creativeness that is doomed to disappear
Le pacte nous a également fourni un cadre approprié pour faire face aux défis de la politique budgétaire à moyen terme .
Dans le même temps , nous savons que le budget affecté aux travaux d' épuration dans le nord-ouest a largement dépassé les sommes calculées par la Banque d' investissement nordique et la Finlande .
Je parle d' hôpitaux coûtant chacun dix millions de dollars .
Je ne peux pas prêter attention au monde entier simultanément !
J’ ai cru comprendre que les membres de la commission du contrôle budgétaire avaient maintenant eu l’ occasion d’ étudier des documents mettant en évidence diverses irrégularités .
do you remember
during the same period there have been 10 south korean presidents and 11 us presidents
it must be possible for the authorities to be helpful in implementing these rights if one is paying for it
Bon nombre des propositions relatives au financement direct et au statut des partis politiques européens sont incompatibles avec les partis nationaux .
in the holy koran there are clear statements of respect for other faiths
the directive in front of us only does that to a limited and unsatisfactory extent and at certain points it even abolishes such protection as in amendment 74
so austerity is not an end in itself
Mais cette visite a également ravi le citoyen en moi qui déteste toute mentalité grégaire .
En fait , en s' aliénant le monde des affaires et en laissant son chef de cabinet , le rusé Alexandre Volochine , démissionner , Poutine s' est privé lui - même d' un soutien électoral précieux .
D' habitude ma sœur va à l' école à pied .
and it is important for austria that a reference to the alpine convention should be included in the recitals of this council directive
there are many layers of explanation
Se retenir de formuler des opinions avant que les ministres de l' emploi le fassent reviendrait à leur laisser tous les droits de décider .
that could indeed relate to almost anything including it has been pointed out to me one of the if not the oldest profession in the world
one of the options on the economic side is the possibility of a european union - japan fda
La perspective d' un futur d' athlètes génétiquement modifiés sonne l' alarme dans tout le monde du sport , et s' accompagne de descriptions de ces athlètes comme des créatures inhumaines ou des espèces de mutants .
my uncle was murdered in a czech camp in 1946
Mais ce que nous attendons ce sont des mesures distinctes en rapport avec le concept de migration .
C' est sa compétition .
La dame ramasse quelques feuilles , les met dans un panier sur son dos .
there is milk in the refrigerator
this is to apply not only regarding access to employment but also in relation to goods equipment and services such as banking housing education transport and health care for example
Ce point de vue , un résidu de la pensée marxiste , est erroné .
Bientôt , personne ne voudra avoir quoi que ce soit à faire avec vous .
the autonomous regions and nations internal to the union states of the european union like spain or the united kingdom or belgium must obtain effective standing in our system
there would be no union and no integration were it not built on the principles of democracy
D' autre part , cette fonction ne consiste pas simplement à jouer un rôle de président , qui donne la parole à l' un ou l' autre membre du Conseil européen lors des réunions de celui - ci .
Le plan légalise l’ invasion de Chypre par les Turcs .
clearly there is a serious humanitarian issue involved
La première est la numérisation , la deuxième la coopération renforcée à chaque niveau , et la troisième un meilleur accès aux institutions financières spécialisées dans le financement de films .
he said he would give me a call but he has n't yet
Je recommande vivement à tout le monde de soutenir le rapport de M. Pimenta .
N' y pensez pas trop .
Deuxièmement , la liberté d' accès aux soins de santé .
Mon père sera peut - être dans le prochain train .
Je ne suis pas certain de cela .
so you have to adapt
the united states naturally does not export such arms to china instead the us is trying to deter china ’s rulers from launching a military attack on the democrats in taiwan
such actions are not the best means of promoting democracy and respect for human rights
europe must also change its attitude to legal immigration and open its borders to citizens of third countries who wish to look for work in the european union
i welcome the commissioner 's assurance that a suitable amendment allowing for reference to parliament at any process of review will be introduced
Nous allons donc voir se développer une situation très critique avec des infrastructures atlantiques qui sont en retard .
Après tout , la politique extérieure discrète traditionnelle de l' Allemagne a permis à cette dernière de devenir un point d' ancrage de l' OTAN et d' aider à la réunification .
– the committee on citizens freedoms and rights justice and home affairs has already approved mrs hazan 's report on this subject
La diplomatie colombienne connaît à son tour un âge d' or .
Il y a 200 ans , un nouveau genre de piétons est apparu dans Paris .
Une Présidence à deux visages , et il nous faut penser à chacun d' eux , même s' il y a certaines choses que nous aimerions peut - être effacer de notre mémoire .
Ainsi , lorsque le tournage se déroulait , nous alternions entre la Nouvelle Orléans et de nombreux autres endroits du monde .
La simplification et le développement du présent cadre réglementaire pour la mise au point et l' application de nouvelles fibres textiles stimuleront l' innovation dans l' industrie du textile et du vêtement .
a common position by the union however urges member states to maintain relations with all afghan groups
Enfin , viole - t - il la vie privée et la dignité des personnes ?
La pollution atmosphérique est et restera un des principaux problèmes de santé publique .
robert was so busy he had to turn down an invitation to play golf
so i will happily discuss how late we are working and how early we get up as we endeavour to secure the deal that we believe is necessary for europe ’s future this weekend
for the moment we are approving the minutes and it is important that the minutes reflect properly what was said yesterday
La famille n' a pas payé son loyer pendant 40 ans en dépit d' une injonction d' un tribunal .
Il n' est pas facile pour ces personnes de demander l' asile même lorsqu' elles le souhaitent vraiment , car les informations ne circulent pas facilement et en raison d' autres circonstances .
Nous stigmatisons les erreurs . Et nous dirigeons notre système éducatif national de telle façon que les erreurs sont les pires choses qu' ont puissent faire .
Je voudrais que vous me disiez en vertu de quel article vous sollicitez une motion de procédure .
for the good of all citizens of the european union we must strive to achieve rapid and if possible cost - free execution of maintenance payments
but letting everyone ride in a cart would have been i suspect more anathema to the golfing greats and to the pga even than making an exception for casey martin
improving education and training it is important to concentrate efforts on developing key skills in childhood and on creating a support mechanism to prevent young people from dropping out of school early
we have been working continually to these ends this is a longstanding and long - term commitment for us
Et quand on en arrive là , il y a " XXX " : la pornographie du pouvoir .
i think your answer is correct
Je crois donc qu' il faut bien réfléchir à l' équilibre des pouvoirs que l' on risque de bouleverser , en présentant ce genre de réforme apparemment ponctuelle .
Ainsi , nous pouvons même chiffrer combien de ces planètes nous nous attendons maintenant à ce que notre Voie Lactée contienne .
La première concerne la portée et l' objectif de la future stratégie thématique .
Je suggère que tu fasses relire ton rapport par un natif , pour t' assurer qu' il n' y a pas d' erreurs .
are you at liberty to say and maybe to give the reasons for the disparity between the best and the worst
Elle va en France la semaine prochaine .
Vous devez être conscients - et vous l’ êtes certainement - du fait que ces commissaires ne seront ici que pour quelques mois car après cela , ils devront être nommés .
this is a tragic example of arrested development or a budding green revolution stopped in its tracks
the commission now proposes that penalties for illegal discharges now be transferred to eu law
Le rapport Tindemans ouvre donc la voie vers une autonomie européenne , également au sens plus étroit d' une politique de défense .
the consequences of 1989 ended up being less enduring than many observers including me would have assumed
i am informed that the seating is done by the political groups in the plenary
Notre délégation est restée fidèle à la position adoptée très largement en plénière qui demandait la suppression , à terme , de toute dérogation à la durée légale du travail .
the proposed total budget is to be eur 235 million within the framework of the financial perspective for 2007–2013
i 'm not sure about it
madam president i totally agree with mr de clercq
Et nous pouvons apporter des changements dans notre comportement qui vont influencer et affecter l’ environnement , comme ces personnes ont changé la situation de cette baie .
Oh , vous secouez tous la tête , mais seulement quelques uns le font avec résolution ,
that 's twenty dollars off your pay
mr president one last word on the future of europe the treaty of lisbon is not perfect but it is really strange that you have not yet ratified it
Je crois que c' est une nouvelle espèce . "
Ces économies doivent profiter , bien sûr , aux régions intermédiaires , aux nouvelles régions , mais également aux autres .
i 'll show you how to do it
and he was kept there by the owner 's calm insistence
Ils relâchèrent la prisonnière .
Madame le Président , même si cela ne m' arrive pas tous les jours , cette fois , je suis entièrement d' accord avec cette résolution sur la famine qui règne dans la dictature communiste de Corée du Nord .
Jusqu' à présent , trois facteurs essentiels ont limité la hausse du prix du pétrole .
we very recently began a specific action programme based on this approach which forms part of a whole raft of actions adopted by the who the un and unicef the onpi and the wto
where they exist these analyses do not prove that the overall creation of real jobs is due to the actions financed
Des propositions concrètes de ce type en vue de réformes politiques inspirées par les valeurs confucéennes sont rarement discutées en Chine continentale .
the emu project as a whole would not have been made to look as ridiculous as was done on 2nd and 3rd may
it can not be copied arbitrarily since each member state has its own specific conditions
the city was closed until early 90s because of all things they were producing glass for tupolev planes
i would not say that you got more time because you said many nice things but subsequent speakers will have to stick to the time allotted to them even if they do not always share your position
meanwhile the clock is ticking
Il a essayé , en vain , de leur emprunter une grosse somme d' argent .
Et ça semble vraiment accessoire , nous n' y pensons jamais , jusqu' à ce qu' on n' y accède pas et alors ça devient vital .
here we are like crème de la crème and there is no doubt about it that i 'm going to lose big
La baisse extraordinaire des capitaux réels est survenue alors que le boom immobilier était déjà bien entamé .
Malheureusement aucun des deux principaux acteurs de la zone euro n' engage des mesures qui permettraient de restaurer une croissance durable à la périphérie de cette zone .
the truth is that ever since the end of the 1970 ’s china has become convinced that peace and stability are the most important preconditions for its development
so this is the planet that the player evolved on
it is a requirement that we are decisive stable and strong in the message of supporting democratic forces wherever we can find them and we shall make them as strong as possible
i hope that it will be a good example of a new way of cooperating
then there is azerbaijan we must do what we can to secure a generally recognized legal status for the caspian sea otherwise the question of oil there will be a dangerous source of tensions in future
it is going to be very difficult to look after the animals if the rest period is on the vehicle
Je suis intimement convaincu du contraire .
i have no desire to try
which takes us to the next piece where the young man talks about lack of opportunity living as a black person in europe the glass ceiling that we all know about that we all talk about and his reality
En tout , les 25 premières entreprises russes détiennent 59 milliards de dollars en actifs étrangers et sont les troisième plus grands investisseurs des économies émergentes , derrière Hong Kong et le Brésil .
in poland the deficit is also moving close to 6 % of gdp up from 2.9 % in 2001
that said amendment 15 is completely unacceptable from an ethical point of view
for example they rejected the proposals on supporting initiatives in honour of the victims of fascism …
Il convient dès lors de renforcer la promotion et le développement de méthodes agricoles ayant recours à des quantités plus faibles de pesticides . Nous devons réduire les risques tout en assurant la protection nécessaire des cultures agricoles .
Les agences jouent un rôle important dans l' image des institutions de l' UE , parce que les citoyens européens partagent généralement les objectifs et les engagements qui sont les leurs .
Devons - nous vigoureusement étaler au grand jour au sein de ce forum ces événements , pour que l' Europe se rende compte de ce qui se passe vraiment en Russie ?
Je suis attristé de constater que , dans les trois semaines qui se sont écoulées depuis notre dernier débat sur la question , la situation a empiré et ne s’ est donc pas améliorée .
mr brown belongs to the upper class
Elle exigea de voir la directrice .
Je ne suis pas une experte en matière d' environnement et les théories diffèrent , mais je crois qu' il faut faire quelque chose .
En raison du blocus israélien illégal , 300 000 personnes vivent avec moins d' un dollar par jour et le taux de chômage s' élève à plus de 40 % .
Mon oncle habite à Madrid , la capitale de l' Espagne .
Une intervention communautaire en faveur du secteur forestier est appropriée dans la mesure où elle génère une valeur ajoutée aux actions nationales entreprises .
Monsieur le Président , Monsieur Barroso , Monsieur Šefčovič , je pense que nous pouvons soutenir en grande partie le contenu de ce programme .
Bien plus que par le passé , nous devons nous concentrer sur le point réellement essentiel : quand une activité est-elle économique et quand ne l’ est - elle pas ?
Les couples souhaitant divorcer pourront choisir le tribunal en fonction de leur lieu de résidence ou choisir le droit applicable du pays dont ils sont ressortissants .
À ce propos , je voudrais souligner que , pour que l’ Institut puisse remplir ses objectifs , un financement adéquat qui donne de la crédibilité à l’ engagement de l’ Union européenne envers l’ égalité des genres est essentiel .
with this in mind it is positive and encouraging that the incoming danish presidency has made very clear that enlargement is its main priority
La deuxième leçon à tirer , c' est que les problèmes de balance de paiements ou d' effondrement des crédits ne sont pas simplement des problèmes de crédit ni d' avance des liquidités nécessaires .
À l' extérieur , la nuit tombe doucement .
Il sait certainement que son collègue , le Commissaire Van den Broek , a annoncé sans détours qu' en cas de désaccord du Parlement , les propositions ne seraient toutefois pas retirées .
M. Wood n' avait pas de fils .
that is why mere palliatives can not be enough
some people go to church on sunday morning
i would also point out that in accordance with rule 13(1 a candidate must obtain an absolute majority of the votes cast in the first three ballots in order to be elected
( ET ) Les cyber-attaques contre l' Estonie qui ont eu lieu en avril et mai de cette année ont été les premiers évènements de ce genre qui ont attiré l' attention du monde entier .
Si le projet européen ne consistait qu’ à dominer les pays partenaires , il y aurait constamment des conflits .
Nous défendrons les positions de l' Union européenne sur des questions ayant des implications spéciales pour de nombreux États membres et , outre les initiatives nationales , l' Union européenne présentera des résolutions par pays .
Deuxièmement : j' émets également des doutes quant au financement .
Il ne faut pas commencer par leur interdire tout visa de sortie de leur propre pays . Il ne faut pas non plus leur promettre comme unique avenir le fait de terminer leurs jours en prison .
Les risques sont grands dans un grand nombre de milieux de travail .
- Monsieur le Président , Monsieur le Commissaire , la révision des deux directives a pour objectif de les aligner sur la législation en vigueur . L’ évolution scientifique et les progrès techniques en particulier doivent être pris en considération .
what would happen in the event of weather hazards in the americas
i 'm not done
we invent for fun --
Le gouvernement contrôle les medias biélorusses , c' est pourquoi les personnes dans le pays ignorent souvent que le régime de Lukashenko est inacceptable pour l' Union européenne .
" La chance [ lui ] a permis de se tenir si haut . "
why is the adb constricting its agenda
Nous apprécions tout particulièrement le soutien global apporté à la proposition de la Commission relative à la préparation d’ un plan d’ action européen sur les forêts .
Elle fonctionnera en fait du point de vue de la gestion comptable pratique et elle libérera donc les ressources dont nous disposons à la Commission pour promouvoir et proposer des politiques .
and all these things that are going to be on this are not just pages they are things
La réalité rattrape la politique américaine comme partout ailleurs dans le monde .
calls for an agreement on the most controversial elements of a final peace settlement are unrealistic
Je propose par conséquent que nous soutenions le compromis suggéré , ainsi que la proposition de M. Corbett .
on the other hand the obligations of the european union under other international agreements for example the world health organisation or the international labour organisations must also be made clear and be taken into account in the wto negotiations
so welcome to romania and bulgaria let us welcome their politicians onto the eu gravy train
C' est un grand pas en avant .
Nous devons veiller ici à ne pas entrer dans une situation équivoque et à ne pas pratiquer une double morale .
L' Ukraine a également besoin d' un plan énergétique d' ensemble liant le gouvernement et les organes directeurs du pays .
if my memory serves me right in september of last year your parliament issued an opinion on this proposal
En admettant qu' il en soit ainsi , que s' ensuit - il ?
these are matters which the president - in - office of the council and this house need to consider thoroughly
brazil meanwhile has exhibited commendable political and macroeconomic stability
apart from environmental issues oceanic pollution and european coastal degradation present an economic problem
now i like in an audience in britain especially to talk about the comparison with foxhunting which is something that was banned after a long struggle by the government not very many months ago
J' insiste pour que ce point soit examiné lorsque le projet entrera dans sa phase suivante .
and the numbers of people living in an area that the land can not support who are too poor to buy food who ca n't move away because the whole land is degraded
the commission can however accept amendment 9 which relates to the independent controlling bodies
she took hold of my hand to teach me
Je n' insiste pas sur les questions agricoles .
mr president i understand the purpose of this directive and the message that you wish to send out to other countries
the commission would like to extend the consumer credit directive to include loans for the purpose of renovating or modernizing a building which are not secured by a mortgage
what is true of enlargement must also be true of the wto negotiations the principle being that nobody should be any worse off
you know mrs mcguinness that there are more radical opinions of what should be done with agricultural spending
the other option is to ensure that the humanitarian principles established in the geneva conventions are in actual fact observed for example by improving the mechanisms for enforcing them
i therefore welcome the organization of american states decision to suspend honduras involvement in the organisation and the acceptance of president oscar arias as a mediator helping to find a solution
as i have already announced i am committed to monitoring the implementation of this framework decision as closely as possible
this would mean that companies have access to valuable quota rights which can be transferred and then paid for
he felt himself growing old
we wanted to incorporate this debate in the one on the general budget precisely because the return of eur 7 billion is not a trivial matter but one that ought to worry us
also in the same amendment the commission is asked to organize regular consultations with the member states
the us experiment in federalized finance was not immediately successful
On ne vaccine pas .
the second matter i intended to address concerns the way in which religion is misused
Donc je me suis demandé : est -ce que j' écris pour des salles particulières ?
Je n' ai pas traité de questions concrètes comme celles que certains membres du Parlement ont souhaité évoquer pendant le débat .
Je me dois de vous informer que la Commission et le Conseil ont demandé avec insistance que nous poursuivions l’ élaboration de ces programmes législatifs , qui sont essentiels pour la mise en œuvre du budget 2007 .
in october i called for modernizing multilateralism and markets to better reflect the changing world economy and to enable countries to act in concert to address interconnected problems
tom does n't think that mary 's performance was very good
at the same time i support an agricultural policy which is orientated as much as possible to ensuring access for eu agricultural products to third country markets
but anonymity basically allows people to say anything
i am a shareholder myself
Imaginez - vous l' état des corps retrouvés au sud de Toulouse !
it is particularly important to clarify that the committee for herbal medicines should only deal with products for medicinal use not food use
everything has an end
civil society in uzbekistan is demanding a more open society where personal freedoms and human rights are respected
only a temporary derogation is provided for to maintain the national system of taxation for those countries which request it explicitly
are you in agreement with this mr rehn
Le rapport Sterckx met légèrement moins l’ accent sur un marché libre , mais présente une opinion plutôt centraliste , à tel point qu’ il laisse peu de place aux mesures nationales et régionales .
i ask the question but i am afraid i already know the answer
the people of the european union must reverse this march and they will
Nombreux sont ceux qui ont été surpris par l’ ampleur des déficits budgétaires – tout comme par l’ ampleur de la récession .
Elle est en train d' être ensemencée avec du cartilage .
i appreciate the issue of compensation is mired in endless arguments as to the calculations but this is not a sufficient reason for the people of bhopal to have to relive the experience day after day
D' une manière générale , nous l' approuvons , comme en atteste le fait que nous n' ayons proposé aucun amendement .
La surcapacité est reconnue depuis quelque temps comme étant l' un des principaux facteurs de surpêche .
Ce vide sera alors comblé par la Cour de justice européenne , qui , à son tour , réintroduira le principe du pays d’ origine , car la Cour place toujours les considérations de marché intérieur avant toute autre chose .
Cela inciterait beaucoup plus les milieux industriels à fournir des informations sur leurs produits et à effectuer davantage d' analyses .
from then on the commission 's only intervention was to assess whether the agreement is compatible with the treaty
sadly many meps see culture purely as a tool for promoting european integration and pursuing a delusional project called ‘ a united states of europe ’
Rappelons cependant ce qui a été dit à Fontainebleau : dans le cas où des corrections sont décidées sur le plan politique , les dépenses doivent être partagées et ce , par le biais d' un changement politique .
Tout d' abord , nous avons appris le caractère fondamental de la coordination entre tous les niveaux de gouvernance , comme l' a clairement établi dans son rapport M. Cortés Lastra .
Par ailleurs , la recommandation n' harmonise malheureusement pas les conditions d' accès à ces cartes de stationnement .
to start with the maastricht treaty treated this type of expenditure differently
in short nothing has happened
and that starts to be delivered in the form of the railroad suburb the country villa along the railroad line which allows people to enjoy the amenity of the city but to return to the countryside every night
can i ask you a question shoot
when we ponder the question of moral rights in the digital age we have to take into account both the interests of the holders of a right and consumers
they will be replaced by sectors that rely more on technology and human capital
Cette logique séduit sûrement les Européens aujourd'hui , mais Hamilton insistait sur un élément plus important en faveur de finances saines que le simple pragmatisme .
C’ est pourquoi j’ ai dit que c’ était une priorité hier .
Je transmettais un message sur ce qui se passait et le cours de la guerre et ce qu' ils projetaient de faire .
the fact that the headquarters of this agency have not been decided should not lead us to conclude that we should also not fund it
Les agences de notation et les marchés sont - ils si mal informés des dépenses publiques ?
once again i am grateful to mr markov
deux jours plus tard : le manifeste du voyageur de l' espace expliquait pourquoi -- tout comme on l' a entendu hier -- pourquoi nous avions besoin d' aller dans l' espace ?
they 're writing in big handwriting to take more gold
its leader a onetime postman says that in the present circumstances he is part of a “ resistance ” a word resonant of the anti - fascist struggles of the hitler era
poor countries will be hit harder however
Il ne nous a pas été possible d' entendre intégralement toutes les interventions qui étaient prévues ce matin à cause du débordement des temps de parole .
Nous œuvrons à une Europe des citoyens et à une coopération accrue entre les institutions et les diverses parties de l' Union européenne .
it takes this worm two days to age as much as the normal worm ages in one day
then there is the pressure of time under which these are now being conducted and under which they will also have to be implemented
En ce qui concerne la question du financement de projets en Turquie , la Commission campe sur l' idée selon laquelle cela n' est possible que si nous recevons des garanties en matière de respect des droits de l' homme .
Ma mère rétorquait " Quelqu' un doit le faire " .
Ne manquez pas de m' appeler à 2h .
a journalist is jailed because his notes for an unfinished manuscript on the gülen movement are construed as instructions from a terrorist organization
Le ministre a envoyé une réponse à notre demande d' informations .
i would now like to comment on the special eur 120 price that is the proposed safety net
il y a une piste cyclable qui traverse le bâtiment , de sorte que ceux qui se baladent à vélo le long du fleuve peuvent voir les expositions et être attirés vers le bâtiment .
already any eu citizen can be extradited from one eu country to another by means of a european arrest warrant with minimal safeguards
ask for the records of all the inspections carried out by the cnil and
this is what clearly appears in the resolution too but i consider it highly essential for us to look at the conditions that have to be created to enable parliament to play a full part
Cela prouve simplement que l' Europe doit encore apprendre à exploiter pleinement son potentiel .
( PL ) Monsieur le Président , je voudrais avant tout féliciter Mme Wallis pour son excellent rapport et attirer votre attention sur deux éléments .
Au cours des prochains mois , une nouvelle Europe unie verra le jour , et nous pourrons nous féliciter de l' avoir fait naître de manière transparente et démocratique .
this means that citizens should be made aware of the relevant legislation and possibilities for legal redress
Après l' adoption de ce règlement , la Commission est déterminée à travailler en étroite collaboration avec les États membres pour assurer et surveiller de près la pleine mise en œuvre du plan de reconstitution des stocks de thon rouge .
Commençons donc par la question de contenu , car naturellement , nous ne l' évitons que trop facilement dans ce genre de discussion juridique .
despite the many advantages described by mr sterckx the liberalisation of aviation has not given us heaven on earth - or not yet anyway
my own research has not been in it or anything like this
to make my point absolutely clear let me tell you that i have been personally invited to the vatican to give my opinion on this visit but in an individual capacity as a private person
Le rapporteur évoque certes le 11 septembre , mais sans en tirer aucune conséquence quant à une réorientation de la PESC .
unlike you i have not had the benefit of seeing the allegations
Personne ne te trouvera jamais .
but that was before she got capgras syndrome
fi madam president it is almost a rule of etiquette to thank the rapporteur for his work
Je voudrais profiter de cette occasion pour réitérer la position du Conseil , inclue dans ses orientations budgétaires pour 2011 , adoptées le 16 mars et présentées au Parlement lors du dialogue tripartite qui s' est tenu le 25 mars de cette année .
it is said that the war will end soon
indeed focusing on market - based growth has often been identified with the semi - alien values of america
Je sais que la démocratie est un ennui mortel pour tous les exécutifs , mais c' est quand même une preuve de civilisation .
Des avancées sont déjà substantielles pour la scolarisation des enfants , le service médical de proximité , l' accès à l' eau potable et au réseau électrique mais beaucoup , beaucoup reste à faire .
Mais de temps à autre , comme Lizzi Borden , environ trois fois par siècle , ça nous arrive inévitablement .
Êtes - vous sûre qu' il peut faire ça ?
Toutefois , je ne suis pas d’ avis que sa réussite n’ était pas complète parce que seuls les chefs d’ État étaient présents .
Toutefois , nous estimons que l' établissement de missions supplémentaires - et en l' occurrence , de nombreuses missions supplémentaire seront transférées sur le budget européen - doit également impliquer que des crédits supplémentaires sont alloués .
i know this is of concern both to members and to ngos such as amnesty international and i am glad that we are close to taking such a significant step
Ça faisait partie du look de Clare Boothe Luce
Celui - ci n' est pas encore clôturé .
currently the compilation of energy statistics is slow inefficient and often incomplete and even inaccurate
however in view of the increased role of the eib and also because of the extension of eu guarantees to it changing this urgently is warranted
Ce sera l' objet de la feuille de route dont nous vous présenterons un premier projet au printemps prochain .
the swedish presidency programme recognises this the european commission stands ready to play its part and so i am sure does this parliament
that goes without saying and certainly upon your express wishes
at this juncture we need to take stock
i believe that parliament came close to speaking with one voice here this is what is expected of europe in many areas
it was front page of the new york times a couple months ago instantly ridiculed by the media for being so crazy complicated
La Hongrie , l' autre " ennemi héréditaire " , est déjà alliée à l' OTAN ; les relations avec l' Ukraine sont difficiles , mais pacifiques .
we must take care that gasprom the partly state - owned russian energy giant does not start to play the sort of role once played by the united fruit company in latin america
Si la Lettonie est prête , elle l' est maintenant . Si elle n' est pas prête , il nous faut attendre le prochain rapport , l' année prochaine .
mr lindblad the state secretary mentioned that equality of rights was the budget 's fundamental principle
Les négociations sur l' ALE nous incitent à l' optimisme .
overall i believe that the french presidency has taken europe forward and that is what it was all about
he is clever and moreover he is handsome
action that is what is needed
well what he does is he moves around in a very drunken fashion on his head in a very unpredictable and extremely slow movement
- L’ ordre du jour appelle les déclarations du Conseil et de la Commission sur les armes légères , en vue de la prochaine conférence des Nations unies en juillet 2005 .
the tribe can be a club a clan or a nation
in my view we can safely say that this is thanks to effective cooperation across all groups of this house
geneva – every year 3.5 million mothers and children below the age of five die in poor countries because they do not have the nutrition they need to fight common diseases
the girl buys milk at the market
the unanimity achieved in the committee on employment and social affairs also confirms the aptness of the council 's common position
Et l' expression aussi , a amené des talents les Yéménites utilisent des caricatures l' art , des peintures , et des bandes dessinées pour dire au monde et aux uns aux autres ce qui se passe .
Nous ne voulons pas qu' ils réduisent notre paie .
Cette situation pourrait s’ avérer dévastatrice puisque l’ ensemble des prévisions budgétaires de la Russie reposait sur le maintien des prix élevés du pétrole sur plusieurs années .
so these animals are wonderfully aggressive and are really hungry all the time and so all i had to do was actually put a little shrimp paste on the front of the load cell and they 'd smash away at it
Mais , grâce à une sophistication de plus en plus pointue , et l’ utilisation de techniques anciennes comme plus récentes , le génie génétique créé des organismes aux propriétés nouvelles ou améliorées depuis des décennies .
Néanmoins , les travailleurs polonais pensent qu' ils manquent de pouvoir pour négocier avec leurs employeurs , et ils ont besoin d' être fortement soutenus par le Parlement européen .
sw good job
i 'm always suspicious of men like him
J' étais à bout de souffle .
parliament was right to push member states to put more resources behind the ambitious programmes that all the governments and political leaders have signed up to
Je pense que , dans la création de cet esprit conventionnel , qui a été la clé du succès , vous avez joué un rôle de premier ordre , Monsieur le Président .
NEW DELHI – Il semble que la trêve des attentats terroristes qui font les titres des journaux ait pris fin .
there was a motion for a resolution for today on china on the case of mr gao zhisheng a well - known lawyer who is under arrest
La cinquième avenue de New - York est comparable au quartier de Ginza .
On l' a appelée « la zone des visages » dans le cerveau parce que lorsque qu' elle est endommagée , vous ne pouvez plus reconnaître le visage des gens .
he always says the same thing
in each instance when the world 's collective decision differed from what america wanted president bush insisted that america get its way
Tout nouveau , tout beau .
Je n' entrerai pas dans les détails car ces points ont été soulevés par les deux orateurs précédents .
but at other times the stories seem more solid
and you see the amount of detail that is in those rings which are the particles
for the european central bank the last two years were without doubt the most difficult period in its history
in summer people prefer the sea
Ça n' a pas duré plus de trois minutes .
Pourquoi n' écouteriez - vous pas son conseil ?
À l' heure actuelle , par notre incapacité à utiliser ces produits correctement , nous détruisons purement et simplement de précieuses sources de protéines .
Ce camion transporte de la nourriture fraiche depuis Aomori jusqu' à Tokyo .
last year i spoke of the need to hope for prospects in the peace process in the wake of israel ’s disengagement from gaza and the g8 plan to revive the palestinian economy
in return they provide free food and shelter and sometimes pay the families a monthly stipend
Imaginez que vous entendez une histoire à laquelle vous ne vous attendiez pas de quelqu’ un qui se lève tous les matins et travaille intensément pour améliorer sa vie .
On peut comprendre la fonctionnalité . Ceci est très important .
Mais les directives doivent aussi reposer sur le bon sens , et c' est pourquoi aujourd'hui , devant cette Assemblée , je voudrais faire quelques remarques de bon sens .
Et il m' a présenté les travaux d' un homme nommé Terry Laughlin , Et il m' a présenté les travaux d' un homme nommé Terry Laughlin , fondateur de Total Immersion Swimming .
C' est ce que demande également la Commission .
Dans un contexte de croissance faiblissante , le Pacte de stabilité et de croissance sera de nouveau soumis à un test sévère .
as far as cloning is concerned the council has adopted a stricter formulation than the european parliament
for this reason i also agree with the rapporteur that we can not accept and shall reject the amendment from the group of the europe liberal democrat and reform party that suggests rejecting the proposal
so you can hear it not just in the phrasing but the way they count off their music two three four one
Pour nous , les principes de subsidiarité et du pays d’ origine doivent s’ appliquer aux dispositions régissant les permis de conduire pour les motocyclettes et les vélomoteurs .
Si l’ on ajoute à cela l’ attitude réprobatrice et les pratiques ouvertement discriminatoires de la société à leur égard , il est étonnant que tant de patients se présentent à leurs rendez - vous chez le médecin et prennent leurs médicaments sans faute .
Pour la première fois dans l' Union européenne , je crois , ce rapport reconnaît cette contribution .
Après le vote de demain , la concertation se poursuivra , après quoi nous voterons une nouvelle fois , mais la Cour européenne nous attend au tournant , je puis vous l' assurer .
us growth will be driven by the recovery of investment which fell precipitously during the crisis
La stratégie de Lisbonne est une bonne idée qui a été gâchée .
Nous nous parlons tous dans ce langage fortement visuel sans réaliser ce que nous faisons .
what issues should be on the agenda
stay out of my way
Cependant , pour que cette disposition soit réellement efficace , il faut une transposition et une mise en œuvre correctes de la directive dans chaque État membre , ainsi qu' un contrôle strict de la Commission .
we can not withdraw our resolution because we are not confident that it would be realistic for a motion for a resolution demanding respect for human rights in colombia to be tabled next month
you will get the worst beating of your life
Pourrais - je vous demander de me préciser quand la Présidente sera de retour pour exercer la présidence , car je souhaite lui soumettre une motion de procédure .
Il y a bien longtemps que la Commission aurait dû définir précisément la valorisation , car cette question concerne les directives relatives aux emballages de même que plusieurs autres directives européennes .
there is a growing unease even with the safest and most modern facilities about our increasing dependence on nuclear energy
Et je dis , à quoi sert l' ampoule ?
but that feeling of puzzlement is structural to contemporary art
Afin de le faire participer davantage au jeu politique , nous devons en outre être en mesure de l’ intégrer pleinement dans les relations entre l’ Autorité nationale palestinienne et l’ Union européenne .
think of the blockade of the democratic party headquarters yesterday evening - which does not say much about his understanding of the law
i am not naturally somebody who instinctively talks about military action i am naturally cautious
Si le président du Conseil était présent , je lui demanderais de m' expliquer ce que la présidence compte faire à cet égard .
Les attaques contre les civils et les médias se multiplient .
time flies like an arrow
J’ estime donc que nous devons adopter une attitude globalement positive vis-à-vis de ce rapport .
Si nous réussissons à accomplir les objectifs du programme auto-oil , dans dix ans , le nombre de ceux - enfants et personnes âgées - qui souffrent d' asthme à cause des émissions des véhicules automobiles aura diminué .
Votre rapporteur soulève deux questions différentes , que le débat , d' ailleurs , a bien mis en lumière .
i voted in favour of the berès report because i believe in the need for effective cooperation between parliament the council and the commission to find a way out of the economic and financial crisis
NEW YORK – Il y a 13 ans , debout à coté de Slobodan Milosevic sur la véranda d' un chalet gouvernemental dans les environs de Belgrade , j' aperçus deux hommes à une certaine distance .
Ce rapport contient des propositions poussées préconisant des mesures qui dépassent largement les compétences de l' Union européenne .
but such measures may increase – and will be harder to phase out over time – in the context of a shortfall in aggregate demand
La qualité de la croissance économique et la transparence de l' utilisation des ressources communautaires sont deux objectifs de la même bataille que nous devons mener .
Dans sa communication de 1996 , la Commission a clairement reconnu les difficultés qui surviennent quand cet instrument est utilisé au niveau européen .
Quelle que soit la justice à laquelle on se réfère , c’ est tout simplement inacceptable .
i believe we would be well advised to refer this matter back to the competent committee for consultation now and discontinue the debate on the rules of procedure here
Ces droits de douane devront être différents selon les produits ( plus élevés sur les produits dont la fabrication génère plus de rejets de CO2 ) et selon les pays ( plus élevés pour les pays dont le prix du permis sera moindre ) .
Ces femmes n' allaient s' adresser à personne d' autre parce qu' elles m' aimaient bien et je m' en étais rendu compte .
Oh ! Il est tellement mignon .
given the scope afforded by the current treaty these amendments are therefore not acceptable to the commission
Avez - vous une table avec vue sur l' océan ?
Je vais donc essayer de résumer ce qui a été dit et d' y répondre .
i endorse the view expressed in her report which sees the commission ’s proposal as positive but in need of some specific improvements
Peux - tu me déposer ?
in this way we can give a clear indication of how tourism can itself become a part of sustainable development
L' extra - terrestre tira avec son pistolet à rayons et ouvrit une brèche dans la coque du vaisseau spatial .
fortunately such spats are not the whole truth
La bombe à retardement nucléaire est déclenchée .
Cependant , la Commission a rejeté le formulaire parce qu' il était incomplet et je peux confirmer que , près de cinq mois plus tard , le gouvernement irlandais n' a toujours pas remis une demande complète .
Je pense néanmoins que la Commission vient très tardivement avec toutes ces propositions , qu' elle nous met dos au mur avec des informations insuffisantes et tardives .
in the context of aid to afghanistan targeted measures have thus been introduced to reintegrate women into public life and restore their human rights
Pour ainsi dire personne n’ a su prédire ce résultat spectaculaire .
insects those six - legged organisms and spiders or mites the eight - legged organisms
Le règlement du statut constitue une condition préalable essentielle à la stabilisation du Kosovo , de la Serbie et de la région dans son ensemble .
Taiwan , sous domination japonaise , était effectivement plus moderne que d’ autres régions chinoises .
Cet accomplissement historique est malheureusement aujourd’hui remis en question .
we are now once again being put to the test
in germany none of this has yet registered at all
while i agree with the general procedures that are being laid down in the tillich report i disagree with some of the concepts that are creeping in
it is fair to say that after one and a half years of negotiations we are approaching the most intensive phase
Le Conseil a donc établi le programme pour les cinq prochaines années sur la base de l’ évaluation soumise par la Commission en juin .
europe only has a future when rural areas which make up 80 % of the continent also have a secure future
Maintenant nous avons décidé de s' installer en Afrique .
Vidéo : Shukla Bose : Nous avons une présence de 80 % à toutes nos réunions parents - professeurs .
Je pense qu' il est tout à fait capital de réviser la communication de 2002 , surtout en ce qui concerne les droits du plaignant .
On peut sans aucun doute tirer des leçons de la lecture de ce deuxième rapport .
Ceci n’ est ni juste ni intelligent , et à sans aucun doute contribué , dans une certaine mesure , à la victoire du Non aux Pays - Bas .
i note that the spanish presidency took the initiative to organise a special informal council of tourism ministers
Je pense réellement que pour progresser , nous devons réduire la bureaucratie au sein de la Commission et en Europe .
this is most unfortunate
Mais les gens ne comprendront pas que dix socialistes doivent siéger dans cette Commission et ils se demanderont quelle influence a vraiment leur voix sur la composition de la Commission européenne .
spain has an awful trade deficit of 9.5 % of gdp and its construction asset price boom which has driven domestic demand is now definitely over
i personally think the annual policy strategy would be better if it was every two years or every two and a half years to fit in with the parliamentary cycle
rb i know i have -- the lawyers say you must n't do things like that but -- ca i mean speaking of which tell us about -- rb pammy we launched you know -- mistakenly thought we could take on coca - cola and we launched a cola bottle called the pammy and it was shaped a bit like pamela anderson
the culture minister akhmed zakayev resides in my city london also as a refugee and in the past has denied any links with mr basayev
Nous aurions alors le sentiment d' avoir eu la possibilité d' examiner ces questions .
i did n't say a word for fear i should annoy him
we have a long and wretched tradition of terrorism
an ec food aid shipment of 30 000 tonnes channelled through the world food programme arrived in djibouti port last weekend
Monsieur le Président , la Convention aura été une expérience enrichissante pour ceux qui y ont participé .
they 've called me brother and uncle and invited me again and again over five years
Y a -t -il une remise étudiant ?
both are absolute disasters
she is proficient in both spanish and italian
La Commission inclura des mesures sur le caractère durable des biocarburants dans sa proposition .
even if kan had failed to win the upper - house election the mandarins would have faced a weakened dpj
Les migrants se déplaçant entre les différents marchés avec des droits de propriété bien définis , en principe , l’ immigration est bénéfique à la fois pour les immigrants et pour les pays cibles .
On n' a donc , selon moi , pas suffisamment souligné combien l' organisation de l' Euro 2000 était bonne , une organisation qui restera un souvenir inoubliable pour des millions de gens .
people move about the globe cheaply and with relative ease
spain walked rings around their opponents the french looked sluggish
what that means is that many member states have to make much more of an effort in order to achieve the targets set at barcelona
Nous espérons qu’ il contribuera à attirer vers les métiers de la recherche la jeune génération de nos diplômés .
pl mr president i would like to extend my very warm thanks to mrs pack and the commissioner for taking this initiative
Jusqu’ à présent , rien de cela n’ a encore ébranlé la démocratie , mais lorsqu’ un nombre suffisant de personnes se sentira contrarié par une concomitance croissante d’ éléments , on aura tous les ingrédients d’ un breuvage politique toxique .
they do n't even attempt to corral the oil where it is most concentrated
Les deux objectifs ne sont toutefois pas incompatibles .
L’ antidote dans ce cas est un partage véritable des choix et des décisions .
i agree that we need an ambitious social agenda which will include combating poverty and social exclusion
L’ Union européenne doit agir ici et maintenant pour convaincre , servir de modèle , nouer de nouveaux partenariats avec les pays du Sud .
Il ressort de notre débat d' aujourd' hui - et c' était prévisible - , que la résolution sur le repos hebdomadaire peut difficilement être considérée comme urgente . Dès lors notre groupe ne participera pas au vote .
i therefore consider it highly necessary to support and complete the amendments of the committee on economic and monetary affairs which provide a sensible framework for the commission 's proposal
Un cliquet , qui émet un son particulier avec lequel vous pouvez renforcer des comportements particuliers .
do you care for classical music
Il y a aussi des robots , par exemple , qui peuvent reconnaître les mauvaises herbes avec une résolution d' un demi-pouce .
asian countries for instance have typically liberalized at the margin through export subsidies or special economic zones spurring new export industries without pulling the rug from under the rest
Notre formulation serait la suivante :
the etf was a key innovation that made it possible for investors to hold an instrument that effectively tracked the value of a specified portfolio such as the s&p index with low trading costs
that hitherto irresponsibility and lack of transparency have been the norm in the commission
the statistics tell us that tourism is now the world 's third industry after the oil and automobile industries
most signs are written in english
this report could be accompanied by proposals amending if appropriate the date by which electronic identification should become obligatory
M. Robles Piquer a la parole pour une motion de procédure .
it will be an option for member states which they may or may not use
so he decided in tandem with some major political figures both from solidarity and from the union of freedom to create a movement called “ citizen ’s platform ”
Je salue le fait que le président Medvedev ait récemment mis l' accent sur l' importance des droits de l' homme et de l' État de droit .
Même si toutes les règles de la finance sont respectées , il n' y aura pas beaucoup d' investisseurs prêts à risquer leurs capitaux s' ils craignent qu' un changement de régime qui leur soit défavorable intervienne pendant la durée de leur investissement .
Ce n' est pas un ajout , mais c' est une alternative , et le texte législatif le stipule très clairement .
De la Maison Blanche d’ Obama , il dit : « Ce président est entouré de communistes , de marxistes et de révolutionnaires . »
doctors and engineers after all are professionals
Or , il y a des pays où la liberté d’ expression est menacée beaucoup plus gravement qu’ en Italie dans notre Union européenne . Je pense en particulier à la Belgique et à la France .
i 'll wait here till he comes back
exploitation of the very considerable potential for energy - saving will reduce our dependence on energy revitalize industry cut public spending and give an impetus to the use of new energy technologies
Es - tu d’ accord ?
La plupart des ses amis sont des garçons .
on 21 january opel announced the closure of its anvers site the production activities of which will be relocated to south korea
Ils savent qu' il y a eu des gens avant eux et qu' il y en aura après eux .
they should be targeted effective and most of all must be carried out in a way that would be compatible with the strict state aid rules under community law
Une telle stratégie pourrait même mener à une solution où ceux qui souhaitent que l' Irak rejoigne le monde libre pourraient véritablement dire : mission accomplie .
if we invest about 12 billion dollars we could make a severe inroad into that problem
all over the european union there are people struggling to pay their energy bills so we believe that the issue of energy poverty should be placed firmly on the eu agenda
Les chiffres de l' Eurobaromètre sont clairs : 77 % des Européens sont favorables à une politique européenne de sécurité et de défense .
Comme M. Beazley l’ a déclaré , le marché unique exige en effet des possibilités bien plus vastes en ce qui concerne la mobilité des travailleurs et des étudiants , qui sont en passe d’ acquérir des qualifications .
Séance solennelle - 2008 , Année européenne du dialogue interculturel
Il a inventé l' histoire .
En partie grâce aux programmes informatiques et aux matchs en ligne , il y a eu un réel sursaut dans l’ intérêt que les jeunes dans de nombreux pays portent aux échecs .
the struggle for a balanced sharing of the financial burden will be painful and to my mind deserves to be called a crisis
Veuillez insérer une pièce .
Bon , c' est bien au - delà de notre technologie actuelle , ne serait - ce que de rassembler l' hydrogène depuis l' espace intergalactique et de le combiner en d' autres éléments , etc ...
Il n’ est pas nécessaire de croire au déterminisme génétique , pour s’ en convaincre .
C' est seulement environ 2 000 générations humaines . Un millième de seconde , sur une échelle évolutionnaire .
i am going to bring up three points aside from georgia and the economic crisis neighbourhood policy climate policy and security and defence policy
Deuxièmement , ils doivent également être utilisés pour permettre d' apporter des fonds privés .
C' est ce qui a poussé la Commission à proposer que le comité , créé spécialement aux fins de cette directive , se charge de déterminer les conditions d' accès à ce type d' informations .
that word dropped from his mouth
La France est une démocratie stable , et ses gouvernements sont généralement soutenus par une large majorité parlementaire .
J' ai attendu plus de deux heures .
Un autre devient vraiment , vraiment nerveux si vous entrez dans la salle et commence à trembler , alors vous devez le calmer .
sadly however as so often in the past while sinn fein ira has talked the talk it has failed to walk the walk
farmers in my constituency have lost nearly 20 % of their earnings under so - called green pounds in the last year
Il y a aussi la nécessité de susciter davantage et de promouvoir les activités privées .
C' est malheureusement depuis qu' une certaine droite , celle de Sharon , a repris les rennes du pouvoir en Israël que , selon l' incroyable logique de cette politique , le monde a perdu le contrôle de la situation dans son ensemble .
by the same argument we should get iraq afghanistan cambodia nepal and many other not - so - democratic countries to join the eu
but sometimes i count my blessings and also my past experience
the resolution is yet more proof of the irreversible strategic agreement between the eu and the united states at the expense of the people
Samedi prochain , prenez votre journée , organisez vous une belle journée et utilisez vos capacités à être en pleine conscience et à savourer le moment pour accroître ces plaisirs .
tom did n't think that anyone would recognize him
if that is true then we wait to see the socialist vote against these two reports because these proposals would cost jobs
Des études ont montré que la rentabilité des investissements dans les soins de santé peut être multipliée par six .
i would like to point out that the transport committee and of course the committee on legal affairs and the internal market which i represent have been urging and pressurising the european commission to adopt this type of measure
Il est évident qu' une prime régionalisée à la surface est de loin plus progressiste .
mr president may i say to mr langen that i do not believe the old way of thinking will take us very far
after i got on board a train i found i had left my wallet behind at home
Nous sommes allés à la montagne pour skier .
this highlights the importance of consumer financial education
Les investisseurs pourraient alors choisir d' autres endroits pour leur excédent de trésorerie , comme les banques .
Quand l' armée pénètre dans un village , elle provoque le chaos .
Il n' est pas absolument indispensable d' éliminer les germes des oignons , des pommes de terre , ou que sais - je encore .
fr mr president i am going to try to be both quick and slow
mr president commissioner ladies and gentlemen when in march 1995 we voted on the first directive on the patentability of biotechnologies i voted in favour
Il va sans dire que cela nécessite une réglementation et un contrôle .
i have to say in those days i could n't really even find the bird
Le problème avec ce rapport , c' est que nous avons déjà accompli un travail énorme , mais qu' à présent , nous devons voir les résultats positifs de ce travail .
what sports do you like
i favour a framework directive
Nous adapterons la formulation en conséquence .
La déclaration finale du président indiquait clairement que le dialogue devait s' établir sur la base du respect mutuel , de l' égalité et de la défense des droits de l' homme .
if you go back to the map at night you can get a clue to the process that lead to the dramatic change in rules in china the brightest spot in china which you can see on the edge of the outline here is hong kong
that seems unlikely
Comme le rapporteur l’ a suggéré dans son intervention , c’ est clairement une décision politique , et ce débat le montre bien .
iraq - the report continues - has provided little evidence for this production and no convincing evidence for its destruction
N' y a -t -il pas là confusion des genres et tentative , par le Parlement , d' accroître ses pouvoirs en cherchant à se substituer aux scientifiques ?
there is therefore ample reason for neither this referendum nor mr lukashenko ’s right to run for re - election to the post of president to be recognised even though no independent observers were present
there are those who feel however that at the end of this long engagement marriage is no longer on the agenda
mr president i would like to thank the rapporteur for his patience and determination
Il a pour objet une communication de la Commission concernant le trafic illicite de substances radioactives au sein de l' Union européenne .
i support the compromise on registration together with the amendment to limit the cost for smes and the minimisation of animal testing
i hope that parliament will not adopt the first sentence of point 12.10 but will adopt for example mr pelttari 's amendment instead
En matière d' immigration , je crois que nous ne devons pas abandonner la perspective d' une politique proactive d' intégration des communautés de immigrants dans les sociétés d' accueil .
Merci encore au rapporteur , Mme Niebler , et à M. Ehler pour leur travail constructif .
Et vous faisiez ces pelotes à épingles à partir de ces pinces à linges en bois - quand on avait l' habitude d' étendre le linge sur des cordes dehors .
i bought nine flowers
Je souhaiterais également demander à Mme Riis - Jørgensen de contenir son impatience jusque - là .
le rapport de María Muñiz De Urquiza , au nom de la commission des affaires étrangères , sur l' Union européenne en tant qu' acteur mondial : son rôle dans les organisations multilatérales .
the report takes it as given that national health systems will be inadequate and that health services will not be free
Je me félicite que l' on reconnaisse que mon rapport pose des questions pour l' avenir , même si , évidemment , il ne peut leur apporter une réponse dès maintenant .
expectations may be out of line with the underlying reality
this situation can not continue
Ces engagements sont toujours abordés lors des consultations sur les droits de l' homme entre l' UE et la Russie .
shall we be able for example to continue with the current policy of social cohesion and with the structural funds both of which are indispensable to european cohesion
if turkey succeeds in doing that then it can and should become a member state of the european union
this is precisely what happened in japan after the yen was revalued by over 50 % against the dollar between 1985 and 1987 following the plaza accord
there 's something magic about the nightfall
Nous pourrions peut - être débattre de la possibilité de prendre des mesures de ce type .
Je dirais d' abord que les statistiques ne sont , à l' évidence , pas un sujet très passionnant . D' ailleurs , il figure invariablement à la fin de notre ordre du jour .
on the front you can see the tattered black - and - white photo of a woman 's face and on the back it says to judy the girl with the bill bailey voice have fun in whatever you do
Je veux que vous ayez une copie de ceci .
i am a pro - european i have always been one and i will remain one
you could kind of see them in your rear - view mirror so it created a tiny human interaction
all this compute power to apply to make things do the right things
Votre présence conjointe n' a pas de précédent dans la vie de notre institution .
Immédiatement après le terrible tremblement de terre , le gouvernement grec a parlé en termes très chaleureux de l' adhésion de la Turquie . Mais je ne pense pas que ce soit du concret .
Pouvons - nous trouver une solution pour produire plus ?
the commission has not promised but indicated that it would look sympathetically on the idea of excluding tallow from the directive
it is therefore vital that the catalytic and strategic role played by the present regulation is reinforced
what time did your friend go home
software is like sex it 's better when it 's free
Ceci étant dit , nous soutenons aussi le prépositionnement de denrées alimentaires , pour lequel le poisson en conserve est très approprié .
La machine de propagande du régime présente déjà les discussions d’ Istanbul comme une victoire de la République islamique d’ Iran et une défaite de l’ Occident .
Pour les économies latino-américaines stéréotypées d’ antan , ce furent les dépenses populistes de leur gouvernement , tandis que pour les économies de l’ Asie de l’ est , les problèmes provenaient des excès d’ investissements à long terme .
we also have good wording on realigning programmes to sustainable development para 35
right that 's what he seems like
it is in keeping with the tradition of solidarity of the european union
À vrai dire , les amendements 12 et 13 ne sont pas nouveaux .
Il convient également de soutenir la modernisation et l' extension du système informatique pour garantir à tous les bénéficiaires la facilité et l' égalité de l' accès à l' information .
On peut juste souhaiter que l’ État sortira de l’ économie aussi rapidement qu’ il y est entré .
it does of course take the use of modern information technologies into account but it also needs to take account of the fact that the number of requests will rise
Certains aspects méritent toutefois d' être soulignés .
perhaps we will have not only more information but real results in january after the visit to the country by the commission and the coordinator from the council
it involves directive 98/70 / ec on the quality of petrols
in this sense the work of the eurocities network can mean a very interesting global approach to urban policies as regards large european conglomerations
if not then how many months before
it madam president it is strange that when we talk in this house about freedom of expression in italy we continually exceed the speaking time and thus indirectly censor the next speaker
Seulement 15 minutes .
fresh resources are necessary to develop energy and transportation networks to fight climate change and to finance steps aimed at achieving social inclusion
Mais , surtout , comment est-il possible de présenter une liste d’ États menaçant prétendument la paix , en y mélangeant des États voyous et des États démocratiques ?
unfortunately many western press reports from that country have done nothing to clarify the situation but have confined themselves to laying the blame on president berisha and his government
although the data support this i regard the developments in france italy and in the next few years spain too with considerable concern
Je vous remercie , Monsieur le Commissaire .
Et , contrairement à la plupart des autres pays , et ce surtout en Amérique latine et en Asie , le système américain ne craint pas d’ entraver sans pitié le faible leadership collectif .
Je n’ ose imaginer à quoi ressemblait mon intervention après l’ interprétation en finnois !
Cher collègue , je vous demande de ne pas relancer le débat et de me ménager , car je suis moi - même une espèce en voie de disparition en ma qualité de président de séance du vendredi matin à Strasbourg .
since i had a slight fever i stayed in bed
it is therefore appropriate that parliament and the committee on agriculture and rural development should be involved first hand in a matter of such importance
Nous rejetons l' amendement 25 mais acceptons par contre l' amendement 16 .
La Commission est très reconnaissante au Parlement d' avoir traité ce dossier en lui accordant une telle priorité .
Comme je l' ai déjà dit , nous progressons et nous sommes sur la bonne voie mais l' UE doit redoubler d' efforts et demander une action plus concertée pour intégrer la recherche européenne dans la lutte contre les maladies liées à la pauvreté .
there 's no danger
secondly europe could in fact play a decisive role at the negotiations in seattle on world trade
they cultivated the land
today they grow enough food for their huge populations and have surplus for exports
Je vous remercie pour ce rapport particulièrement constructif et je puis vous assurer que les questions soulevées et les suggestions faites par le Parlement européen seront examinées par la Commission avec la plus grande attention .
lastly a technical note mr president in annex i i in particular points 5 and 6 there are definitions that could give rise to ambiguity
Une bonne théorie se caractérise par le fait de faire une série de prédictions qui , en principe , pourraient être réfutées ou mises en défaut par l' observation .
Qu’ est -ce qui se passe ? » Et le professeur parcourait la classe , cherchant un inattentif , un ennuyé , Et le professeur parcourait la classe , cherchant un inattentif , un ennuyé , en allant les voir rapidement , en amenant les choses au tableau .
i shall read out this amendment
La question de Kaliningrad revient rituellement dès que l' on parle d' élargissement , de dimension nordique et de relations avec la Russie .
Le gouvernement doit garantir à chaque citoyen pakistanais , qu' il soit musulman ou non , une procédure honnête .
Tom n' a pas vraiment apprécié d' étudier le français .
Jusqu' à 10 nouveaux candidats pourraient faire leur entrée au cours de la première vague d' adhésions .
let 's have the one who loses at rock - paper - scissors do the dishwashing today
subsequently every possible effort was made to give the impression that the public supported the project which was not true
the other day my colleague from berkeley gibor basri emailed me a very interesting spectrum asking me can you have a look at this
Dipin Desai fait de la physique théorique à l' Université de Riverside et se trouve également être le principal organisateur de dégustations de vins rares .
greece 's additional annual debt equates to less than one week of the united states additional debt
250 kg is an extraordinary weight even for a sumo wrestler
so what 's actually happening is that social networks and real - time technologies are taking us back
On parle des opérations sous-jacentes , mais vous parlez des comptes , il y a une différence .
Comme pour les SPFO , il importe que des dérogations restent possibles lorsqu' il n' existe pas de solutions de remplacement adéquates .
the legislative proposals before you contained three substantial elements mr coelho made reference to them and that will change the development of the project
Du fait de l’ élargissement passé et futur de l’ UE , il serait particulièrement opportun que le sommet informel aborde également le modèle social européen .
Peu importe le consommateur aujourd ' hui , peu importe son goût , peu importe l' opinion publique qui demande toujours plus de transparence !
Cela ne sert à rien de lui donner des conseils .
Nous devons expliquer à nos concitoyens la contribution européenne à l’ éthique publique et les vertus démocratiques d’ une concurrence équitable dans la vie politique , économique et sociale .
opportunities exist for a constructive chinese role elsewhere
many people who would otherwise have needed a transplant are being taken off the list as their own stem cells are being used to repair their damaged organs
Tout est question de sensualité , tout est question de toucher .
but once we place the tragedy of september 11 2001 and the broader political phenomenon of international terrorism in the context of other historical tragedies in the past century religion becomes an unlikely explanation
Je ne pouvais être cette personne plus grande que nature .
they are most laudable and in this way we can help to open up the route which links asia the middle east and europe
Ma femme frissonna à la vue d' un chat borgne .
in our proceedings in the committee on the environment public health and food safety i have already said that we should not succumb to the pressure that has been brought to bear by the so - called traditional producers
Il est essentiel que nous progressions sur toutes les voies qui s’ ouvrent à nous , de manière efficace , étendue et coordonnée et dans un esprit de coopération .
Examiner constamment , avec anxiété , l' évolution de la situation et prendre des décisions ad hoc , tel ont été les habitudes prises ces dernières années .
C' était au début des années 90 , et j' étais à une conférence .
on the other hand the deadlines are very tight making the urgent procedure necessary
Nous invitons donc la Commission à intégrer la coopération en matière d' immigration dans tous les accords qu' elle signe avec des pays tiers et à organiser des campagnes d' information avec ceux - ci sur les risques de l' immigration clandestine .
my name is jack
it makes a two dimensional image look more three dimensional
very very little
i have to dress up
Alors , fabriquons une machine dont les deux espèces pourront bénéficier et trouvons un moyen d' établir une nouvelle relation entre les deux espèces .
tomorrow he lands on the moon
Ces tendances constituent un très sérieux défi économique pour l' Union européenne , en particulier à l' approche du nouveau millénaire .
Je dois faire deux brèves remarques sur ce qu' ont dit certains orateurs qui m' ont précédé .
Comment le gouvernement turc va - t - il réagir devant l' inévitable ?
that was really difficult
i think that shows that in this debate at least sweeteners can be a '' as well
Et pourtant , nous sommes conscients du problème .
el mr president i thank the president - in - office of the council for his reply
this is completely possible
man future 's over here wind sun a new energy grid
the commission ’s proposal takes full account of the opinion of the scientific committee and a full range of consultations that took place with stakeholders
( EN ) J' aimerais remercier M. Friedrich pour avoir repris le rapport de M. Stubb , que nous félicitons d' avoir été nommé ministre des affaires étrangères de la Finlande .
Dans l' économie mondialisée d' aujourd' hui , la réussite professionnelle des citoyens européens est subordonnée à la possibilité et à la faculté d' apprendre et de travailler dans un environnement international .
and i wonder if that is really justice for them to get their rights in that way
i welcome improved coordination of economic and fiscal policy in europe but strongly oppose the short - term vision under which this is being imposed
En théorie , peut - on se taper la tête contre les murs jusqu’ à la mort , ai - je demandé au médecin ? « Ils vérifient les cellules toutes les trois minutes » a -t -il répondu .
mr president the violation of human rights in peru is another case in the long list of cases occurring in latin american countries with the connivance of a complacent united states
in 2003 the european union committed itself to the integration of serbia into the eu because of its conviction that serbia is an important factor in regional stability and that serbia 's future lies in europe
i think it is important to note that in all this accounts for no more than 2 % of total funding and that one could say it has no influence at all on the structural decisions of the funds
C’ est principalement au Conseil que je m’ adresse ici .
moreover no one imagined that such a huge tsunami would ever hit japan
it is therefore a problem for society as a whole
“ present at the creation ” he called his memoir
how long will you stay here
Je suis cardiaque .
Le document qui nous a été soumis par la Commission donne un excellent aperçu des actions entreprises et de ce à quoi nous pouvons nous attendre à court terme .
Sur la base des documents de la Commission , les chefs d’ État ou de gouvernement devront , en décembre , prendre une décision sur l’ ouverture de négociations d’ adhésion avec la Turquie , dans le cadre de conditions et d’ un calendrier plus précis .
L’ Occident est convaincue que la religion est la question centrale en Afghanistan .
this will not only benefit the environment but also save motorists money - it is cash in people 's pockets which is very important at this time
Seul un accord conclu sur la base de l' égalité permettra aux deux peuples de trouver le moyen de vivre en paix en bons voisins .
but in practice in order to achieve the required aims clear relevant and measurable parameters must be defined
S' il s' agit du deuxième cas , le traité n' est pas une exigence indispensable .
naturally i believe that women should increasingly build up their own individual pension rights
that provides them with a chance to become competitive and builds up their capacity to trade in general
On peut aussi retenir des idées d' Hamilton et de l' Histoire américaine que les institutions nécessaires ne fonctionneront pas sans un consensus éthique bien plus important .
Je réponds , « Vous devriez peut - être demander directement à mes collègues . »
Ces trucs sont beaucoup plus petits , beaucoup plus adaptables .
sadly it affects other nations as well
simply put a weak state can not enforce contracts and property rights while a state that is strong enough to enforce them must control its own bureaucrats
does that make people feel threatened
En décembre 1996 , la Commission a déclaré qu' il n' y avait pas lieu de s' inquiéter .
Que dis - tu à un bel homme ?
Quand vous ramassez un morceau d' histoire comme ça , je crois que ça peut transformer des enfants qui peuvent être intéressés par la science .
Je m’ associe à toutes les recommandations de M. Doorn concernant les analyses d’ impact , même si je me fais l’ écho des propos de M. Wallis concernant l’ engagement politique , tout en soulignant qu’ un tel engagement doit être le plus local possible .
Je veux connaître votre produit , et c' est très important .
Le moins que l’ on puisse demander , c’ est d’ annuler et de suspendre l’ accord d’ association . C’ est justement la requête du Parlement européen .
L' intégration des questions environnementales et du développement durable dans les autres domaines de la politique devraient donc , conformément à la communication de la Commission , se concentrer dans les domaines traités par l' Agenda 2000 et la stratégie climatique de « l' après - Kyoto » .
Tu devrais te concentrer sur la route quand tu conduis .
hu mr president we would like to assess the results of the swedish presidency retrospectively from a 10 - 20 year perspective
in turkey this is not guaranteed
i voted in favour of the resolution on violation of freedom of expression and discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation in lithuania
Je connais l' homme avec lequel tu es venu .
Je m' attends à ce que l' euroscepticisme entre dans une période de déclin , si nous adoptons un budget 2010 irréprochable , et je vous demande votre soutien aujourd'hui et plus tard , en automne .
Monsieur Cohn - Bendit , je connais votre générosité .
ECHO , l' Office d' aide humanitaire de la Commission , a renforcé sa présence dans la région .
Nous devons faire face aux violations des droits de l’ homme au sein de l’ UE .
on the one hand this concerns the consequences of the risks for power stations in the european union from earthquakes and from high water particularly on the atlantic coast
rapporteur . - ( EN ) Monsieur le Président , la conciliation sur le budget en deuxième lecture entre les deux organes de l' autorité budgétaire s' est tenue le 23 novembre 2007 .
on behalf of the alde group - pl madam president we are today discussing an association agreement with a country whose significance must be clear to everyone in this house
L' ordre du jour appelle le débat sur les six propositions de résolution sur l' Éthiopie .
L' obligation de prendre les décisions à l' unanimité engendre un maquignonnage qui était autrefois monnaie courante .
Nous aurions tort de considérer la lutte contre le terrorisme comme l’ objectif principal des politiques menées autour du monde par les gouvernements en charge .
the honourable member would agree that the commission addressed in a speedy and efficient way all consequences of the prestige accident
however we think that the report contains passages which can be interpreted as being too favourably disposed to commercial fishing
Je pense que cette mesure est équilibrée .
Madame Koch - Mehrin , vous êtes ridicule quand vous mentionnez cela .
if it does not produce positive results to make any kind of enlargement is madness
that does not mean that the cap should not be adapted
C’ est pourquoi je soutiens l’ organisation d’ une étude d’ impact complète avant la présentation de toute proposition .
no workers should be exposed to such high levels of noise that they are unable to have a conversation you only get one pair of ears and to protect them is vital
La balle est désormais dans le camp du Conseil .
three temporary workers died while testing a lifeboat and 16 workers were injured
attempts to develop or acquire wmds might well trigger a regional arms race leading to further instability and threatening international peace and security
Nous avons fait un voyage , un voyage en arrière , de 13,7 milliards d' années .
Deng Xiaoping disait : n’ enfermez jamais un chat , laissez - lui toujours une issue pour s’ échapper .
Plutôt que de prétendre créer des emplois avec d’ énormes dépenses en armements , l’ UE ferait bien de dépenser davantage dans les programmes de recherche civile - et ne pas marcher dans les traces des États - Unis .
green school is a model we built for the world
with 1.2 million road accidents in europe every year regrettably some citizens will be victims of a car accident as a driver passenger or pedestrian
the twelve and half per cent corporate rate is critical to supporting our economic recovery retaining our jobs and employment growth
Je dois vous dire que nous partageons l' approche globale .
the efforts on which we agree must be targeted first and foremost at children and pregnant women
Adam Smith l' a explicité : " Ce n' est pas à la générosité du boucher , du brasseur de bière ou du boulanger que nous devons notre pitance , mais à la poursuite qu' ils mènent de leur propre intérêt ...
we do not therefore see any need to introduce a labelling regulation as one already exists
Nous avons besoin de cette directive .
madam president commissioner ladies and gentlemen what actually are biofuels
however very little has been done to quell this particular situation
moreover fewer languages are used in the eu ’s smokeless backrooms when meetings are less formal and the participants not all that prestigious
Ma famille avait déménagé depuis Fort Lee , New Jersey , jusqu' en Californie , et nous sommes passés de la neige aux hautes températures et aux files d' attente à la pompe à essence .
the commission is not asking for these changes but given the development since the preliminary draft budget most proposed changes remain within the limits of what could be considered reasonable
she 's much heavier than him
so how are we supposed to live with this
last year the council adopted the daphne programme this is a new policy tool intended to prevent all kinds of violence - physical sexual and psychological - against women and children
so the chief observer must be the only spokesman for the eu election observation mission
we do not just have a currency crisis we have a banking crisis and we have a sovereign debt crisis
the european central bank has provided a monetary lifeline that has provided much needed liquidity within the financial system and helped the government to stem the crisis of confidence created by the banking collapse
En première lecture , M. Fayot et moi - même avions pris la liberté de proposer un amendement faisant état des craintes des milieux judiciaires luxembourgeois quant à la formalité requise à l' inscription d' un avocat étranger auprès de l' autorité compétente .
Plusieurs centaines de millions de dollars furent injectés dans le système bancaire durant cette période .
this option is definitely not the kremlin 's preferred choice
the solution that the eu is promoting for a long - term structural peace in the near east reiterated today here in strasbourg by president pöttering is for two sovereign independent states
it is not sensible to have both bodies dealing with the same issues in exactly the same way
N' était - ce pas une attaque envers une part très importante de la population ?
in my 18 years in this house i have not experienced this as strongly with any other report as with the one on reach
Combien de kilos puis - je prendre ?
mr spring will be meeting mrs çiller again
moreover it is relatively easy to postpone lowering oil consumption
our aim should be to achieve full consumer confidence in all products on sale on the internal market
Je remercie tous mes collègues , en particulier James Moorhouse , et nos amis libéraux , pour avoir tous ensemble réussi à changer le sens de cette résolution et j' espère qu' elle sera votée .
La connection entre la santé de l' océan et celle des humains est en fait basée sur quelques adages simples .
in youngmenowme the audience was asked to find a childhood photograph of themselves and restage it as an adult
Ensuite , on vote normalement quand l' Assemblée est disposée à le faire et non dans une situation d' indisponibilité .
Ce terme de « gâchis » tombait fort à propos .
Le président Barroso a proposé d' utiliser un levier financier mondial pour financer des projets environnementaux .
other treaties are needed as well especially one outlawing the production of fissile materials for use in nuclear weapons
La force est le seul langage que ces mollahs comprennent .
De plus , si vous observiez toutes les artères de tous les patients , c' est devenu de pire en pire , sur une période de cinq ans , dans le groupe de comparaison .
Je veux simplement dire , au cours des dernières années , j' ai été - j' ai eu l' occasion de faire cette conférence de clôture .
Vous avez dit , Madame la Commissaire , que vous étiez disposée à accepter cet amendement et je crois comprendre qu’ il ne fait pas non plus l’ objet d’ une forte opposition au sein du Conseil .
Elle est restée célibataire jusqu' à sa mort .
the mere possibility that women may be forced to use their bodies as part of an obscene new trade should be enough to make us all commit ourselves to combating this practice by acting without delay
this over - detailed directive is contrary to the principles of subsidiarity and proportionality
Je m' interroge cependant sur les moyens pour atteindre cet objectif et , notamment , sur la nécessité d' une Agence européenne pour la diversité linguistique et l' apprentissage de ces langues .
C' est pourquoi Copenhague représente une occasion appropriée pour donner un signe au sujet de l' article 202 .
Les ministres des finances affecteront donc les fonds comme bon leur semble , dans l' intérêt de leurs pays , à l' un ou l' autre des nombreux modes de transport .
my final point competitiveness is not just about how you launch initiatives and how many targets you set
she always walks to school
commissioner social dialogue between member states must be promoted with a view to introducing a code of good practice such a code could prevent price falls posing a threat to the sector
Attendez - vous qui que ce soit ?
En conséquence de la bonne résolution de crise de ces pays , les membres orientaux de l’ Union Européenne paraissent mieux à la fois physiquement et structurellement que les plus anciens membres de la zone euro .
you 're coming with me
Pourrais - tu me tracer une carte ?
Comme les cyclones qui déferlent sur le Bangladesh .
Cela dépend de la disposition qu' on a à une vision globale , de la garantie de la responsabilité générale .
Cela ne profite évidemment pas aux Palestiniens mais en tout cas , juridiquement parlant , la situation est claire .
inevitably in the bright public square augustus the fool the poet faces the clown of power
we had some difficulty getting over the khyber pass but we wound up in india
Tout ce qu' il y a là est à moi .
many of those detained in the last few weeks have been released
On pourrait difficilement imaginer pire pour la naissance d' une nation .
but we want to do better
Le texte sera rédigé de manière cohérente et dans une langue claire . Les choses seront alors limpides pour le consommateur .
Certains d' entre vous se demandent maintenant ce qu' est la marmite .
Madame le Président , Mesdames et Messieurs , cette proposition a pour objectif de réduire le nombre des directives dans ce domaine .
Je vous invite donc à voter pour l' amendement 124 .
that famous poet planned on killing himself in his library
Contrairement à l’ Union européenne de Bruxelles , sujette depuis bien longtemps à un déficit démocratique , la CEDH de Strasbourg fait l’ objet du plus grand enthousiasme .
but more carefully stated what scholars have shown is that liberal democracies almost never go to war with each other
( NL ) Madame la Présidente , j' adresse , moi aussi , mes compliments au rapporteur , Cem Özdemir .
we need to heed the first victims of these terrible diseases and the people who are helping them to fight them
more importance will be attached to investment and we will seek closer coordination and cooperation with the international financial institutions
in addition to making suggestions on the policy as such mrs larive 's report also proposes various ways of streamlining the article 169 infringement procedure
a traveling woman lets her heart travel as well
as far as i can see though the results of johannesburg are too insubstantial but this is actually more despite rather than thanks to the eu 's efforts
the same is true for germany which is home to some of the most efficient pulverized coal combustion units in europe
( BG ) Mesdames et Messieurs , à lumière de l' intense crise économique et des graves conséquences du conflit du gaz , une synergie est de mise entre toutes les institutions nationales et européennes .
Faire plus et faire mieux va aussi au - delà d' un accroissement des ressources .
Ma famille n' est pas aussi grande que ça .
oh show me how
Il faudra absolument que nous lancions une campagne publicitaire plus convaincante et , en particulier , permanente , adaptée aux besoins de chaque pays et de chaque région .
L' augmentation attendue du prix du pétrole et de l' électricité peut et doit être contrée par l' utilisation de technologies plus efficaces pour l' extraction et le traitement des matières premières .
Père veut que je sois médecin .
i do not think anyone will contradict me when i say that the magnitude of the current problems requires a concentrated effort at european level
Aux États - Unis , il y a un recensement tous les dix ans .
dealing with other people demands a kind of flexibility that no set of rules can encompass
toulouse – europe ’s holiday month of august is no time for serious politics
Ce dont il s' agit ici , c' est d' une nouvelle forme de monnaie scripturale .
just as slavery must be learned step - by - step in order to survive its terror and tricks so freedom must be learned in order to face its risks and opportunities
J' ai voté en faveur de ce rapport , déjà au sein de la commission parlementaire compétente , d' autant plus que les amendements proposés par le rapporteur ont été élaborés en coopération avec notre groupe .
we have even taken up the american flag the european flag is the paramount flag used by the american movie company paramount with its stars
Ceux d' entre nous qui s' en soucient agiraient mieux si nous savions les coûts réels .
i went through this 14-point action plan and i can really say that many of them are as typical today as they were in 1997
Le Président donne lecture des modifications de l' ordre du jour du lundi et du mardi
media literacy involves offering members of the community the opportunity to analyse mass media products critically so that they become less vulnerable to those who control information
he got angry
the cold war had lasted so long that change seemed unimaginable until freedom burst forth
Il dotera le Conseil européen d' une présidence stable qui assurera une meilleure cohérence dans la préparation et le suivi des Conseils européens .
Dans le cas des institutions européennes , il existe deux organes de représentation du peuple : le Parlement , élu directement , et le Conseil , formé des ministres , lesquels sont responsables devant les parlements nationaux .
you yourself announced several times that it would be ready in march then the beginning of april and then there was talk of easter
the position adopted by parliament ’s committee on budgets and we hope by parliament as a whole may appear modest
Les étudiants sont exposés à l' influence de leurs professeurs .
whether we like it or not the implementation of the lisbon strategy objectives is inextricably linked to the question of energy including nuclear energy
Tels sont donc les trois problèmes fondamentaux des politiques de l' emploi , et c' est sur eux que le gouvernement grec , conformément au plan d' action national , a centré ses efforts .
Mettez - les et votre productivité sera multipliée par trois .
Cette mesure est destinée à forcer les clubs à travailler avec de jeunes joueurs et à empêcher les clubs riches de simplement acheter des joueurs talentueux .
the first proposal is to remove the planned derogations but turn them into factors that limit liability
Certains considèrent que les dispositions existantes sont suffisantes , étant donné qu' il y aurait des adaptations des différentes politiques dans chaque État membre toujours dans le respect de l' acquis communautaire .
Le Quartet reste la formule la plus appropriée , car elle combine les idées et l’ entregent européens à la légitimité des Nations unies et au leadership américain , tout en obligeant la Russie à s’ impliquer .
Si nous mettions en place ce " huis clos " proposé par le pacte de compétitivité et imaginé par un petit nombre de chefs de gouvernement , nous perdrions le débat sur la confiance dans l' Union européenne .
Je dois ajouter néanmoins qu' il leur a fallu deux ans pour s' en rendre compte et qu' il a fallu qu' ils s' en rendent compte à ce stade du débat .
Examinons par exemple les mesures les plus significatives qui ont été décidées face au changement climatique .
he can do it if anybody
Je peux assurer l' Assemblée que la Commission veut mener de sérieuses négociations , et n' a pas l' intention de les finaliser jusqu' à ce qu' il soit avéré que l' Albanie peut effectivement honorer ses obligations au titre de l' accord de stabilisation et d' association .
i also know that on account of the narrow majorities we have lost at least the key topics by ten or so votes only
Je répète , néanmoins , que je crois que la décision sur Charleroi favorise les aéroports régionaux et les compagnies aériennes à bas prix .
what about the 18 million unemployed
Le leader palestinien Yasser Arafat , au lieu d’ accepter cette offre , a relancé une campagne massive de terrorisme à l’ encontre d’ Israël .
the problem of voluntarism may also be that it is just not going to be enough in terms of climate change today
that american movie was a great success
Donc , nous rêvons de moyens de vous rendre plus facile , à vous , la communauté mondiale TED , de réagir aux orateurs , de contribuer vos propres idées , peut - être même votre propre TEDTalks , et d' aider à faire la lumière sur le meilleur de ce qui existe .
Le plaisir devient important si vous avez déjà à la fois l' engagement et le sens . Le plaisir est alors la cerise sur le gâteau .
Je veux vous raconter quelques histoires qui illustrent mon point de vue .
J’ ai parlé brièvement de la création dont je suis le plus fier .
the economic actors concerned must realise that it is wrong to give priority to immediate small profits over consumer confidence and the smooth changeover to the single currency
Mais je suis également reconnaissant à la Commission de cette proposition concernant un programme pluriannuel pour la promotion des énergies renouvelables dans la Communauté .
Le graphique inférieur présente deux fois la quantité de CO2 et 1,8 % moins d' ensoleillement , et on revient au climat d' origine .
there are two sorts of technological progress really for this purpose
we are opposed to the prevention of a possible liberalisation of services of general interest by means of derogations to the directive on services such as has been attempted by the federal minister for the economy in germany
Je dois vous dire qu' en tant que nouveau membre de cette Assemblée , j' ai éprouvé un très grand malaise en voyant la gêne de vos collaborateurs qui , manifestement , ne pouvaient pas répondre , ne voulaient pas répondre à nos questions .
unfortunately they do not always get the political attention they deserve because of the rules applicable in parliament
wang ’s paper “ a study of organ and receptor transplantation after execution by injection ” earned him the guanghua innovation contribution award
the foundation hopes to deal with the criticised lack of transparency in staff recruitment by means of a thorough review of the process
Face à la perte de l’ idée centralisatrice de notre nation et désespérément à la recherche d’ un nouveau souffle , des millions d’ Argentins se sont intéressés à leur histoire .
by may the greek parliament will have approved radical changes in taxation insurance and the labour market
furthermore an equality perspective must be integrated into the treatment of offenders and prison operation
Puisque tu n' as rien à voir avec cette affaire , tu ne dois pas te faire de souci .
Mais s’ il exploite cette ressource comme il se doit , comment se fait - il que la Commission continue à avancer des propositions si impopulaires telles que la directive sur les services portuaires , que nous avons abordée il y a un mois ?
mr president i have two comments to make with regard to mrs kaufmann ’s report the general thrust of which i endorse
I. Situation à Chypre :
we designed the pieces went through our error correction and had a dna molecule of about 5,000 letters
but the implications of this epidemic go far beyond the health sector
Tout le monde a son jardin secret .
so with us consumption growth likely to be restrained who will take america ’s place
Tant le capitalisme que l’ économie ont besoin de la pénurie pour justifier leur existence , et aucun ne disparaîtra sans opposer de résistance .
Avec qui aimerais - tu t' entretenir ?
Une heure de plus et la dinde sera prête .
the report reveals many beneficial proposals that must be carried out if we are to produce a credible environment policy for the world around us
the council has now to a large extent determined its positions on the regulations on the regional development fund - the erdf - and the social fund - the esf
À la page 22 , il est à nouveau dit que je n' ai pas voté .
Un ambassadeur européen aurait dit que les pays africains étaient tous en faveur de ce prix qui bénéficiait ainsi d’ un soutien suffisant pour être adopté .
this tactic of discordance of opinions can not go on and the question is why is the council afraid of the european parliament
Que se passera - t - il si sa plainte aboutit ?
the colors of the sea and the sky blend into each other
Je constate cependant avec satisfaction que ce sujet fait aujourd’hui partie du compromis .
Donc dans le savon , des acides gras à base de moelle de porc bouillie sont utilisés comme agent durcisseur , mais aussi pour donner un aspect nacré .
i 'm going to talk about a program i started there which from my point of view is the proudest thing i did
Cependant , il est juste et souhaitable que la troïka de l' UE signale sa volonté d' engager des discussions , sans pour autant subordonner leur tenue à d' éventuelles concessions .
it is impossible to silence independent politicians and independent media without choking off independent sources of money which is why putin ’s kremlin has concentrated its attacks on the so - called “ oligarchs ”
Être pauvre s' accompagne d' un sentiment de honte et de perte d' estime de soi , même par des temps difficiles .
Maintenant , laissez moi finir mon discours en vous disant que quand je ressens quelque chose de très profond , ça prend normalement la forme d' un verset .
Il faudrait que la Commission codifie parfaitement ces obligations minimales dès lors qu' elles sont éparpillées tout au long de la législation communautaire .
negotiations can only be held on the basis of facts and the freedom of the press in china is an important precondition for that to happen
our aim must be to limit the occasions on which we subject ourselves and our children to dangerous chemicals
M. Cashman dit que oui et , selon la vaste définition du règlement , cela pourrait bien être le cas - tout comme les autres griffonnages que j' ai ici .
On parle une fois encore d' une série de bonnes intentions , mais ce dont les PME ont besoin , c' est de mesures concrètes , efficaces et rapides .
Selon Jacques , c' est un mirage .
J’ estime que plusieurs des réserves et des objections du Conseil européen sont superficielles et insuffisamment réfléchies ou justifiées .
more precisely this report constitutes an opinion on the draft convention currently being drawn up by the council of europe
paradoxically cross - country measures of income and wealth inequality are actually falling thanks to continuing robust growth in emerging markets
as agreed in berlin taking advantage of the favourable cyclical conditions would enable most euro area countries to achieve their medium - term objectives in 2008 or 2009 and all of them should aim for 2010 at the latest
the tragic count at the end of the days of repentance was 111 palestinians dead in 15 days including children and students
but that required at some point allowing some bank to fail and persuading some debt holders and counterparties that the government guarantee of support to institutions that were too big to fail was not certain
Pour cette raison , le potentiel de GiveWell est révolutionnaire .
J' aurais aimé avoir déjeuné avant de venir ici .
many of my colleagues have said as much
Cependant , nous souhaitons vivement qu' un changement soit apporté car , dans le Traité actuel et dans le projet de constitution , le terme " système européen de banques centrales " est interprété de façon ambiguë .
Je pense qu' il est temps pour moi de retourner au travail .
Nous examinerons une série de questions adressées au Conseil .
Et elle comprend la forêt d' Ituri elle - même . Environ 1 300 espèces de plantes répertoriées jusqu' ici .
La théorie concurrente d’ un engorgement mondial de liquidités d' emprunt a gagné du terrain la semaine dernière à la publication du rapport du Conseil de la stabilité financière traitant du système bancaire parallèle .
Ils ont été plus de cent à la signer au cours des deux derniers jours .
the european union has been the largest donor by far not just as regards chernobyl but also with regard to safety and preventing the nuclear contamination of the newly independent states
Vous pouvez la voir ici .
Nous devrions aussi discuter du travail des personnes handicapées .
Elle a connecté ces deux personnes .
Certains affirment que l' interdiction de la publicité pour l' alcool est un des moyens de lutte contre l' alcoolisme .
i have n't seen you in ages
De quoi devrions nous être si heureux et si fiers ?
it 's a great honor to be here with you
you can ask what are the psychological causes of it
for example any social history will reveal that mutilation and torture were routine forms of criminal punishment the kind of infraction today that would give you a fine in those days would result in your tongue being cut out your ears being cut off you being blinded a hand being chopped off and so on
Le chef de la police du comté a affirmé que seules six personnes avaient été blessées dans l’ incident et que leurs blessures guériraient d’ ici huit jours .
this does not necessarily lead them to work solely for the public good
it is not presumptuousness it is not arrogance it is an absolute necessity
La question consiste à savoir si elle y est parvenue oui ou non .
i believe in the positive impact of simplifying and improving the existing regulatory framework for the labelling of textile products particularly encouraging the development and uptake of new fibres
they should rather be given interests on the basis of voluntary models in profits and investments which would not arise at all without their restraint
Si la communauté internationale estime que ces objectifs sont justes , elle devra maintenir son aide tant que le gouvernement progresse conformément au calendrier établi .
La Commission a toujours été partisane d' une simplification de la législation lorsque cela était nécessaire ; donc , Madame Petre , vous nous incitez , vous nous encouragez à continuer notre travail .
that is why mr barnier it is right for you also to take the path that the rapporteur has proposed and proceed on a step - by - step basis
Monsieur Falconer , il semble que si vous reposez votre question en fonction de l' article 28 , il vous y sera répondu .
Le slogan de Junichiro Koizumi , quand il est devenu Premier ministre il y a cinq ans , était : « La réforme n’ est pas une vache sacrée » , pourtant aucune vache n’ est plus sacralisée que notre constitution « pacifique » .
what new forms of consultation with the public does the commission intend to offer and finally mr barroso what is your big idea for the new europe
Cela nous donne une coulée continue de matériau auquel nous pouvons donner n' importe quelle forme , même si aujourd'hui nous fabriquons des blocs d' angle .
Par cette proposition législative , la Commission entend instaurer un cadre transparent et non discriminatoire pour la perception de redevances de sûreté aérienne en Europe .
Monsieur le Président , je suis abasourdi - je dois bien l' avouer - par les propos du dernier orateur officiel du groupe PPE .
Les députés ont joué un rôle décisif pour préserver l' intégrité de la proposition de la Commission et relever les objectifs environnementaux sur certains points importants .
Ne veux - tu pas venir avec moi ?
Il fit part de sa déception .
Ces personnes ne seraient probablement pas mortes si elles avaient vécu dans un autre lieu de l' Union européenne .
the issues of industrial policy and energy policy meanwhile will be dealt with by commissioners from just one political group that is also most worrying
Madame la Présidente , nous n' avons pas dit que nous étions pour deux poids , deux mesures .
trade deficits reflect transactions between producers and buyers and those transactions are the result of incentives and price signals
however as an election observer i can assure the european parliament that with the exception of a few errors and infringements no fundamental violations were observed and the elections were democratic free and fair
Troisièmement , enfin , toute loi doit pouvoir donner lieu à des sanctions , sans quoi elle est stérile et inefficace .
there are no ideas and narratives and leaders and symbols advocating the democratic culture on the ground
Quoi qu’ il en soit , il est consternant que la Commission ait accepté l’ accord international sans avoir au préalable consulté le Parlement .
the council reached a general agreement on the package more than a week ago
therefore we are unable to accept the additional amendments tabled by some colleagues to the report in the part - session
Mes collègues et moi - même avons en fait eu l' honneur et la chance de nous attaquer à des problèmes plus spécifiques .
Je ne doute pas que FRONTEX puisse jouer un rôle vital dans cette stratégie intégrée pour les frontières de l' UE .
Maintenir le contenu du rapport ne rendra que plus difficile la défense de l' intégration de la charte en une constitution .
unfortunately the commission has only issued temporary permits for five boats using the electric stimulus method of fishing for sole
Le Luxembourg considère que cette dernière devra prendre la forme contraignante d' une directive communautaire : le dumping fiscal ne peut que nuire aux entreprises européennes et provoquer des distorsions au sein du marché commun .
Les députés travaillistes européens pensent que l' élément central et prioritaire des dépenses de l' UE doit être l' investissement économique et la recherche , qui donnent de l' élan à l' économie et créent des emplois .
we must get ready for them just like we get ready to implement a transfer
japan whose armed forces were entirely blamed for driving the country into the catastrophic pacific war was not even supposed to have an army or navy after the war
it reminds voters of the fragility of civilisation - and can prompt them to turn on their elected representatives
we are not talking about systems for financial investment but about pension plans
Vous pouvez voir ici la plaque qui le tient , et vous pouvez voir la mise en place des implants -- Donc en une seule opération nous avons réussi ceci et cela .
Nous les voyons parfois .
Il essaya de trouver comment sauver les Américains ayant subit des blessure de guerre .
Le temps est venu de prendre les mesures nécessaires pour garantir aux hommes et aux femmes l’ égalité d’ accès à ces nouveaux emplois , sans pour autant sacrifier à l’ excellence .
L' article 6 , paragraphe 1 , que vous avez cité , précise que la demande faite au président doit être adressée par l' autorité compétente de l' État membre .
finally -- and perhaps most important -- is the problem of integrating the economies of the ten new member states into the euro area
according to gates microsoft might prevent the use of its services to spread instructions about making nuclear bombs to send pro - nazi statements into germany where such material is illegal and to propagate child pornography
however let us not lose sight of the importance of the issue as mr schulz has said of the international system as a whole on the multilateral approach and effectiveness
Le gouvernement intérimaire a fait savoir à l' UE et aux États - Unis qu' il organiserait des élections démocratiques en décembre 2008 , après avoir réussi à mettre en place un registre électoral suffisamment solide pour résister aux tentatives de fraude .
mrs maes referred to the resources available and it is correct to say that there are four inspectors involved in this work
they have our attention and they need us to take all the precautions that the situation requires
Ensuite , on arrive à la fermentation , la 3ème étape , période pendant laquelle les arômes se développent vraiment .
Récemment , l’ OLAF a révélé que l’ aide économique pour le Lesotho n’ est pas passée et que les ressources n’ ont donc pas servi l’ objectif prévu .
L' effort de notre rapporteur est méritoire .
i think it has been exciting to listen to all the contributions on the problems this report raises
Les bâtiments sont responsables de près de la moitié des émissions de CO2 non couvertes par le système d' échange des quotas d' émissions . Par conséquent , ce secteur présente un fort potentiel pour réduire ces émissions à un coût nul ou faible .
Madame Schörling , puisque vous - même et M. Pompidou avez fait référence à l' exposé liminaire de M. le commissaire , je précise que ce dernier a annoncé qu' il allait faire une déclaration complémentaire à la fin .
On se dépêche . On arrive où on va , mais on y arrive seul .
Nice était basé sur la coopération intergouvernementale .
the turkish government continues to demonstrate the political will to proceed with reforms and it has substantially increased fundamental freedoms and democratic development within the country
Le Conseil a eu plusieurs fois l' occasion de répondre à des questions similaires de l' honorable député .
could you let us know exactly how question time is going to be organised now
however the proposals are still based on the premise that a member state is somehow answerable to all other member states for their failures to control entry and borders
Il ne tient aucunement compte des différentes opinions de la population , même s’ il est notoire que dans les différents États membres près de la moitié de la population est opposée au projet de traité constitutionnel .
Le premier produit auquel il serait opportun d’ appliquer cette taxe est le PVC .
i want to make it clear that in general terms i think i have shown over the past eight years that i have always tried to reach consensus at a european level and it is important that we do so
Au sein de la commission des affaires économiques et monétaires , le rapport a fait l' objet d' un large consensus dans la mesure où la plupart des groupes politiques partageaient cette vision .
he tried speaking french to us
Nous devons nous rappeler de poster cette lettre demain .
Le cadre harmonisé n' a d' autre but que de transcender les barrières nationales qui limitent la pénétration incontrôlée des monopoles supranationaux dans tous les États membres .
so there are a lot of really good word - collecting sites out there right now but the problem with some of them is that they 're not scientific enough
whatever perspective you take if we keep heading in the present direction we will not be able to do the things we have taken for granted for many decades
the cab stopped and i pulled my body from it feeling each ounce of weight as i walked to the elevator
J' avais 12 ans . Il y a un problème ici .
« Le nouveau est meilleur que le vieux » .
climate change would also lead to increased water stress which by 2020 could affect 75 - 250 million people in africa alone
we 've suffered prosecution the paper was closed down more than three times
Le point essentiel de ces mesures est qu’ elles s’ appliquent différemment selon que l’ actif est sur- ou sous-évalué par rapport à sa fourchette .
Mon téléphone portable ne fonctionne pas .
Monsieur le Président en exercice du Conseil , Monsieur le Commissaire , j' en profite pour vous souhaiter la bienvenue à l' Assemblée plénière du Parlement européen .
two centuries later we have achieved a great deal in europe
how long do you intend to stay in germany
there are many parks in our town
the good advice which the politicians must give for the future is a matter of concern for us as a parliament
you ought to know better at your age
Nous veillerons donc de très près à ce qui adviendra de cette Cour .
the problem with which i began --
we are all the less inclined to give credit to the european parliament in this matter since the codecision principle introduced by maastricht and the extensions provided by the amsterdam text seem to us to be far from satisfactory
Nous avons été en mesure de voir les nerfs de l' expression du visage , des mouvements du visage , de la respiration - chaque nerf - les nerfs de la fonction urinaire autour de la prostate .
Finalement , le matin du onzième jour , on a pu charger les deux hélicoptères volant en tandem et me déposer sur la banquise .
her face paled
i believe that transitional assistance is particularly important to allow them to continue working and to be able to take advantage of any appropriate new opportunities on the markets
it needed journalists to witness a massacre for international consciences to be aroused
in future when plans for further development of the eures system are being developed the possibility of extending this service will be automatically considered
these forces become most potent when the gap between social mobilization and the quality of political institutions widens
Pour parler à présent positivement - et certains d' entre vous , d' autres pays , n' en sont peut - être pas conscients - le Bangladesh est récemment devenu membre à part entière du club international des nations du cricket .
Ce qui est manifestement nécessaire , c’ est un commissaire entièrement indépendant pour les normes en vigueur dans la vie publique .
such measures are essential if we wish to combat the desertification and the ageing of these regions because at the moment these developments appear to be inevitable
rapporteur - nl mr president the committee on internal market and consumer protection stands for free trade and against protectionism
the lead paint in the mattel case was detected first in the course of the tests carried out on behalf of the european distributor
L’ autorisation pour ces produits doit être retirée .
this morning this package on nuclear safety was approved and now i am presenting it to you
Dès lors , cette situation doit être reconnue , car l’ Espagne n’ est pas le seul État membre concerné .
eighty - four per cent of german laws come from brussels
Il n' empêche que d' un point de vue politique , l' Union soviétique avait réalisé qu' elle pouvait faire valoir ses droits dans la région sans limites ni contraintes : les pouvoirs occidentaux n' avaient aucun intérêt économique ou sécuritaire direct dans cette partie du globe .
Il a même insisté sur une mise en oeuvre sans délai de l' accord sur l' éducation conclu entre MM . Milosevic et Rugova .
Ce n' est pas en entravant l' industrie européenne que nous venons ou que nous viendrons en aide à la compétitivité européenne .
Aujourd’hui , nous pouvons envisager une directive sensée , but que nous poursuivons tous .
Ces deux déclarations du rapport sont pour le moins controversées et ne remporteraient pas l' adhésion de toutes les forces politiques au sein de l' Union européenne .
is it not a necessity for the new aidco organisation that the commission has created which we welcome to build up the capacity of the medical and educational professions
Je voudrais remercier le gouvernement britannique et son Premier ministre pour tous les efforts qu' ils ont accomplis afin de mener le processus de paix dans mon pays là où il est actuellement .
i was interested when i saw an advertisement the other day in an american magazine sponsored by the american car companies which said you did not want to buy our cars
Dans le cas contraire , le mot " solidarité " n' aura bientôt plus de sens .
with better - directed incentives more research dollars spent on more important diseases less money spent on wasteful and distorted marketing we could have better health at lower cost
the result of this will be that over the coming years an ever larger proportion of the structural funds will be used to meet old commitments
Merci -- oui , j' ai conçu la fenêtre de dialogue . Non , non , non .
Nous avons passé beaucoup de temps à traîner et à nous chercher des excuses .
Vous y parviendrez à temps , pour autant que vous ne manquiez pas le train .
Je rejoins entièrement leur point de vue .
the only direction for german culture that did not lead to the spiritual abyss of nazism – according to this radical new interpretation – was marxism
the fact that this year we shall have ten new member states and the same number of new official languages makes it all the more rigorous
Je connais un homme , marié depuis 25 ans . Il espère toujours entendre un jour sa femme lui dire : " Merci d' aller travailler pour que je puisse rester à la maison avec les enfants . " Mais il ne le demandera pas .
are you sure that you want to quit your job
Ça représente également la partie amusante de ce discours , j’ espère donc que vous l' avez appréciée .
the structure of the common agricultural policy with its export refunds has also encouraged the fraudulent use and abuse of the transit system
and i called my sister whom i 'm very close to -- and had three children -- and i asked her why did n't you tell me i was going to be feeling this way that i was going to have these -- feeling incredibly isolated
Ce n' est pas tant un homme politique qu' un érudit .
i would like to thank the shadow rapporteurs from the other groups for their close cooperation
i think we will need to articulate our works around these two lines of action transparency and protection of privacy
close your eyes for three minutes
when humans dispersed into these latitudes what did they face
what we need therefore at our level is an instrument to replace this militant force
Je tiens naturellement à féliciter la présidence finlandaise pour son programme ambitieux .
we in our group do not support nuclear technology as you know
may i remind you in this connection of the agreements that were concluded at the european summit in the hague two years ago
( PT ) Monsieur le Président , tout au long de ce débat , nous nous sommes penchés sur les pays les plus pauvres et les plus démunis dans le monde .
En effet , le PIB est devenu le principal indicateur du développement global de la société et du progrès en général .
we have to get away from the cynicism of the tit for tat logic which consists of imposing on the south the profligacy of all - out liberalisation of their most vital sectors while its people are struggling to survive
thomas edison had the same problem
Le prix Nobel de la paix a été accordé et le Conseil européen du mois de mars a adopté des objectifs que nous aurions voulus encore plus ambitieux , mais que nous avons soutenus .
so now my family 's property was worthless save for that it was our home and all we had
and that is no small commitment for a french president
Il me semble raisonnable d' appuyer cette proposition .
this was not the opinion of the majority in the committee on civil liberties and internal affairs
the compromise reached establishes an excellent balance fully protecting our initial objectives and at the same time providing an appropriate response to the legitimate concerns expressed during the adoption process
La révolution des Tulipes en 2005 a soulevé , une fois encore , un immense espoir .
we look to the commission to learn from its early mistakes in the emissions trading system and to pilot an ets for the aviation industry
Pour le moment , il y a lieu de se réjouir du fait que la Bolivie est dirigée par un homme élu démocratiquement , qui s’ efforce de défendre les intérêts des pauvres de son pays .
after all if we continue to allow saddam hussein to ignore the un resolutions he will become a great danger to his environment and the un security council itself
Monsieur le Président , Madame la Commissaire , Mesdames et Messieurs , les ports constituent l' une des infrastructures les plus importantes des régions insulaires .
Elle a besoin d' aide de notre part .
Mon intention n' est pas non plus de critiquer le rapporteur , qui a élaboré un rapport de grande qualité et a agi avec flexibilité et tolérance , en assumant les positions de différents groupes politiques .
Les réglementations sur le marché intérieur portent sur des activités économiques , notamment la liberté d' établissement et la libre prestation de services .
J’ espère que cette situation cessera .
calculating machines are everywhere and will be completely everywhere in a small number of years
i have no objections to the alternative technical scenario of the evolution of the sis i for all system to sis ii provided that the legal framework approved for the sis ii is fully respected
i think the house can reach a consensus on this
although decisions are taken individually by each member state the latter must take full account of the provisions of the code of conduct this is therefore a matter of political good faith
Cette opération , menée à contre-cœur , souligne les rapports ambigus de l’ armée pakistanaise avec les Talibans .
amazingly many latin america leaders fail to make the connection between reducing poverty and their own popularity
Nous travaillerons avec vous , parce que votre accord est nécessaire .
why is there something rather than nothing
some of these investments are already endangering montenegro 's natural beauty spots and its picturesque landscapes
Le fait est que les progrès de la démocratie sont allés de pair avec une érosion des valeurs communes et la prépondérance de l' autonomie individuelle .
En polluant l' air , on nuit à tout ce qui respire .
the proposals of the commission are a significant step along the path towards a more responsible approach to fishing activities
Car il est basé sur un niveau minimum et maximum et tient compte du nombre de personnes vivant dans les différents pays .
secondly the new state 's adhesion to the cotonou agreement opens up new prospects for development cooperation and relations with the european union
thank you for your attention during our night sitting together
Mais notamment lorsque je parlais aux femmes africaines , j' ai parfois commis des erreurs -- c' était si dur pour moi d' apprendre à écouter . »
she beat the shit out of him
the candidates have informed me that they each accept their nomination as candidates
they must take part in monetary cooperation
i always drink a cup of coffee in the morning
so ask yourself is this person ever going to drive at a steady 28 miles per hour i do n't think so
Elle exige des États membres qu' ils dépensent des sommes énormes à des fins militaires et du Parlement européen qu' il adopte un programme " vigoureux et efficace " de prévention des conflits .
Les voies menant aux pathologies , liées à la tension nerveuse , prennent diverses formes .
it 's an honest question
L' UE ne peut imposer une réplique exacte de nos mesures législatives internes aux pays tiers , tout comme les pays tiers vers lesquels nous exportons , ne peuvent nous imposer leurs règles nationales .
Cette distinction spécieuse implique que les États seraient des entités séparées de la volonté des citoyens .
L’ accord conclu entre le Parlement , la présidence et la Commission visant à poursuivre le mécanisme de réconciliation est absolument crucial .
and therefore there was a indeed a prisoner 's dilemma which made it very difficult for an individual company an individual exporting country to say we are not going to continue this deadly disastrous habit of large companies to bribe
as far as introducing a general grassland premium in lieu of a beef premium is concerned we discussed this in connection with agenda 2000
Ensuite , il y a le problème de l' impunité , qui concerne d' une manière générale les zones de conflit de l' Afrique .
Mais des domaines comme la médecine , les humanités , la philosophie , les sciences économiques , et d’ autres sciences sociales , qui reposent plus fortement sur l’ ouverture d’ esprit et l’ imagination , peuvent être plus facilement manipulées pour prendre en compte les objectifs des bureaucrates .
there have also been discussions on the need for compliance with international law in the fight against terrorism
it makes sense to bring the activity of hedge funds and equity private funds within the territory of regulated financial entities
how is this problem to be resolved in terms of costs
we need flour sugar and eggs to make this cake
meritocracy the word sounds nothing but good
Pour terminer , je voudrais souligner que , si on veut appliquer efficacement le plan d’ action , une collaboration étroite et active avec toutes les agences concernées sera nécessaire .
the pact for stability and growth requires not support but total reconstruction it needs reconstructing as a pact for the joint transition to a new socially and ecologically sustainable development model
Le vote a été reporté de deux semaines et il aura lieu pendant la session plénière de Strasbourg .
Ce mot-là est très difficile à traduire .
Je me réjouis de prendre part à ce débat et j' espère que nous parviendrons à une solution .
i am appalled to hear that the independence and democracy group will be voting against parts of this programme
the molitor group has doubts about article 100a being criticised as it states that we should have minimum standards and that individual countries could keep their more stringent legislation and progress from there
he 's faking
the annual summits need to be made more substantial and their focus shifted from transatlantic bilateral issues to aligning eu and us global policies and actions
i 'm dying for a beer
Le vendeur de jouets , dans ce cas , avait des seringues , ce qui est habituel , juste à côté des pelleteuses , et il est évident que c' est ce à quoi on s' attendrait .
Une nouvelle épizootie de fièvre aphteuse ne doit plus jamais mener à un abattage en masse du bétail .
i saw the figure of a man
a dynamic single market would create investment opportunities for companies throughout the region
in malaysia that fear is dissipating
Certaines personnes verront cela comme une abomination .
Je suppose que nous sommes d' accord sur le fait que l' accent doit ici être mis sur l' action des partenaires sociaux , autrement dit sur le partenariat .
mr méndez de vigo said it affectionately making the point that they act jointly like two other personalities who are also well - known stan laurel and oliver hardy who were not twins either but who acted together
this is also referred to in the motion for a resolution
La définition de relations transatlantiques solides et équilibrées dépend également d' un engagement européen substantiel en matière de défense qui soit compatible avec l' OTAN .
Je ne doute pas que , lors du prochain mandat , nous reviendrons sur tout ce qui a été mis de côté cette fois - ci et que nous poursuivrons le développement de l' Union européenne depuis cette Assemblée des citoyens d' Europe .
Toutefois , je suis certain que vous souhaiterez faire votre possible pour ne pas décevoir l' espoir que de nombreux citoyens albanais honnêtes placent dans l' Europe et en vous , en tant que commissaire responsable .
allow me in this context to remind the commission of a few agreed dates the commission should be managing an electronic data base on 31 december 1999 i.e. in 16 days time
i would still nonetheless like to highlight some of the features that make it such a positive step forward for the union
En politique , on ne peut faire preuve d' autant de sectarisme .
whatever else might be said about it the present election campaign in ukraine is a real one with several genuine and competing candidates
Les Britanniques ne tarderont donc pas , Monsieur le Président , à cesser tout paiement à l’ Union européenne .
it is important for us to remain within the framework of the oecd 's activities and to try to develop these methods
M. Pex , je vous donne la parole car je ne veux pas que l' on dise que je m' entête à avoir le dernier mot à ce sujet .
but the rules of the wto - let us not forget - do not take into account the social and environmental concerns so dear to our peoples
the real challenge is not i believe to restart the discussions
finally in conformity with the spirit of the national debate in france on the environment i voted in favour of a tax on pesticides to encourage our farmers to reduce their use of treatment products
during the debate and during the preparations i had a sentence running through my head which has been said repeatedly by the german environment minister norbert röttgen we have already picked the low - hanging fruit when it comes to fossil fuels
je peux les rendre plus sain . "
yesterday there was an extremely useful and constructive meeting between the european union and japan at which important agreements were reached on continuing dialogue in the areas of deregulation and distribution amongst others
En revanche , nos avertissements concernant les risques liés à l' endettement dans des devises étrangères n' ont eu aucun effet .
we have a major problem not only with translations but also with interpreting and often have problems with deadlines if reports of this kind can not be translated and processed in good time
Nous devons nous servir de la politique régionale , à petite comme à grande échelle .
( ES ) Monsieur le Président , nous voudrions nous aussi faire référence à l' article 177 du règlement .
i think that we can come up with very concrete solutions on how to treat disorders
Monsieur Van Miert , vous avez la parole pour répondre à la question de M. Camisón Asensio .
we do not seek to deflect attention away from the real issues that oppose us to the commission namely the neoliberal policies that it pursues
such was the epistemic position of the middle ages which presumed all humans to be mutually equal but subordinate to an inscrutable god
Je pense qu' ils améliorent beaucoup la proposition de la Commission .
Il est important que l' initiative européenne soit véritablement un instrument supranational accessible au citoyen et facile à utiliser .
Le fait qu’ un gouvernement expulse des journalistes ou bloquent des sites internet de média social ou d’ information auparavant autorisés devrait en soi être considéré comme le signal d’ alarme d’ une crise qui mérite toute l’ attention du monde .
all the joints are hand - carved and hand - scribed
in over 55 % of the cases the aggressor was the victim 's professional superior
Nous pouvons nous reposer sur les très bons travaux préparatoires accomplis antérieurement par les présidences autrichienne , britannique et luxembourgeoise .
we shall increasingly be seeing problems involving active ingredients entering the european union from third countries
i can still feel with shame the sense of being not only unwanted but of being an illegitimate invader in a proud country
the speaker should stand where everyone can see him
they need to act to show that the vast majority of this house right across the political spectrum is unhappy with the way things are going
by doing this they have clearly shown that they attach more importance to economic issues than to social rights and justice
Ce n' est pas à nous de la prendre pour la Serbie .
and now it is the associated questioning of this aim which so much abuses the european idea itself
Pour ma part , j' ai l' intention de prendre l' année prochaine de nouvelles initiatives pour sauvegarder les intérêts des enfants , notamment lorsqu' il s' agit de combattre l' exploitation sexuelle .
Il faut tenir compte aussi , bien évidemment , de l' état de développement économique et aider ces pays par là même à mieux s' insérer dans les zones d' échanges internationaux .
this compression of funds is now being extended to food aid to cooperation with latin america the balkans and to the meda programme
Maintenant , si vous observez le 20e siècle , au moins dans les « pays développés » , force est de constater qu' il avait raison .
Alors seulement notre action pourrait véritablement contribuer à la sécurité et à la stabilité dans des régions touchées par des conflits , telles que l' Asie , l' Amérique Latine et l' Afrique .
Quand vous avez des mentors -- hier Kareem Abdul - Jabbar a parlé des mentors , ces piliers dans vos vies -- le problème avec les mentors est qu' ils meurent tous .
Il prétendit s' être projeté de manière astrale vers une planète éloignée , constituée de jungle , dans la galaxie d' Andromède .
as you all know on 19 january a slovak military plane crashed with 43 soldiers and military personnel on board
un haut niveau de protection des passagers , aligné sur celui des autres moyens de transport ,
maybe we will not all have to end our days as beef steaks
in addition other priorities have arisen such as the reconstruction of east timor the conversion of the fishing fleet that used to operate in morocco and the global health fund
Ceux d' entre nous qui avons défendu cette politique savions pour la plupart que l' Histoire et la théorie économique enseignent que les mesures fiscales exceptionnelles ont peu d' effet , mais nous pensions que cette fois - ci ce serait différent .
so they really are pretty amazing creatures
S' attaquer aux causes du phénomène exige d' adopter des mesures de toute urgence et de parvenir à un accord dans tous les domaines d' action politique .
this second pitfall consists in now becoming entrenched in ideological splits even if we admit that there are different concepts of europe
Il doit maintenant créer un environnement ouvert et tolérant , comme en Inde , qui permettent tant aux Sri Lankais qu’ aux Tamouls de prospérer .
are you all right now
Ce rapport en est la preuve , soulignant l' importance de " Donner un nouvel élan à la stratégie pour le développement durable de l' aquaculture européenne " et d' ouvrir des perspectives réalistes pour le développement de ce secteur .
at the same time the environment in which monetary policy was conducted in 2002 was one of considerable uncertainty
On récolte ce que l' on sème .
Troisièmement , les pourcentages et rendements de recyclage sont obligatoires et , quatrièmement , la responsabilité du producteur joue un rôle important dans les mécanismes de financement .
this means that no cut - back at all of deep - seam production would be taking place and consequently no reduction of activity either
in italy in particular growth in turnover in consumer credit agreements has been exponential
Nous n' avons pas été à même d' assurer le financement .
how will the eu act against the violation of the political rights of so - called non - citizens in eu countries
Les gènes qui réparent l' ADN sont plus actifs chez ces animaux .
Le rapport souligne la nécessité d' appliquer l' approche à plusieurs niveaux horizontalement dans toutes les politiques de l' UE .
Nous le faisions seulement avec des carottes de glace , mais dans ce cas , nous allons reculer de 20 millions d' années .
Moi non plus , je ne comprends pas . Nous devrions cesser de nous enfoncer dans la crise à force de paroles et , au lieu de cela , travailler ensemble sur les projets et solutions requis .
C’ est notre point de vue européen .
we think that the latter the millennium development goals should be central
the challenge posed by afghanistan was underestimated from the start and the alliance has under - resourced it
Cela a été un travail énorme de faire bouger le Parlement ; j' espère et je suis assez convaincu qu' on y est parvenu .
Ainsi , à la suite de la modification apportée à la nomenclature combinée , les codes CN 1214 90 91 et 1214 90 99 devraient être remplacés par le code CN 1214 90 90 .
and he showed this x - ray photograph sort of crystalline so dna had a structure even though it owed it to probably different molecules carrying different sets of instructions
Une politique agricole commune ( PAC ) forte est essentielle , et la PAC suit cette approche , mais elle a besoin d' une réforme pour la rendre durable et améliorer la sécurité alimentaire .
Je pense que ce " petit plus " requiert deux éléments .
you will find these articles everywhere
Les garçons se brossent les dents .
but even within this sector there is currently a entrepreneurial spirit and it is important to develop this
Pas vraiment . Je préfère les randonnées à la pêche .
Il voyait d’ un bon œil l’ ascension de Tito en Yougoslavie , véritable mise en doute interne de l’ hégémonie moscovite et souhaitait la voir imitée par d’ autres .
Au début du 19ème siècle , la fréquentation des églises de l' Europe Occidentale a commencé à baisser très , très rapidement , et les gens ont paniqué .
La Commission partage pleinement vos vues s' agissant de la nécessité de renforcer l' État de droit en Ukraine et de l' importance de son adhésion à l' OMC .
Alors prenez le et mettez le directement contre l' écran de votre propre poste de télévision et frottez le du centre jusqu' aux coins , comme cela .
Il est argentin et il donne des cours de tennis .
the right of the peoples to determine their future is non - negotiable
we expect the commission to bring forward a communication on stand - by losses as soon as possible
Ils sont tous deux dans la pièce .
we made the list more flexible and supplemented it with sanctions also adding the question of money laundering in a separate vote which in my opinion was open to dispute
it is interesting to note in this context how this issue keeps appearing on the agenda for there is no conflict between parliament and national parliaments nor is their task unclear
● a reversal of the country ’s now rising income inequality lowering the very high savings level relative to investment and thus reducing the current - account surplus
Face au peu de temps qu’ il reste avant la cueillette des premiers fruits rouges , j’ exhorte le président à veiller à ce que la délégation présente ses propositions de solution avant le début de la récolte .
Tout subside accordé directement aux citoyens n' est pas visé par les règlements concernant les aides d' État .
Cependant , ni Perry , ni Kobach ne sont susceptibles de devenir un jour président des Etats - Unis , alors que Theodore Roosevelt était plus qu' un simple partisan .
C' est un endroit magnifique dans le sud l' eau est plus chaude , et les Molas sont plutôt sympas là bas .
Ces propositions seront intégrées à la préparation du prochain cadre financier pluriannuel .
Mais cela n' explique pas pourquoi un dieu tout puissant et miséricordieux permet cela .
Il a une moins bonne situation qu' elle .
in the first place under the overall strategy i have just outlined the council made an ecu 1 000 m reduction in the appropriations for heading 1 of the financial perspective
Mais nous sommes également attentifs à certaines exceptions , par exemple les marchés réduits situés en milieu rural .
Nous avons besoin d' une offensive économique , en mettant notamment à disposition des petites et moyennes entreprises un capital bon marché -ce que je nommerais un capital à risques .
ladies and gentlemen farmers across the eu are worried by the non - existence of precise evaluations the impact of product agreements and indications that the commission is willing to sacrifice agriculture in favour of other commodities
Un tel type de surveillance devrait revêtir la plus haute priorité pour la Commission et les États membres .
there is a great deal of scepticism on the part of the public many people in the old member states get the impression that enlargement is being used to lower social standards and cut taxes
therefore like mr costa i would like to ask the commission to extend the provisions on survey and approval to include these types of ship as soon as possible
mr pasty has asked for the floor
shoots seem tiny but to reach the sun they can break through brick walls
it has become clear during the course of the finnish presidency however that the member states are not keen on this solution
Outre les débats - la phase finale des négociations est toujours en cours - , certaines questions doivent être rappelées à l' esprit .
however i would point out that any form of nationalism damages its own country first
Reste immobile ou tu seras abattu .
Il nous faut un contrôle strict sur ce qui se passe au niveau interne afin d' être en mesure de mener une politique commune et ne plus dépenser tant d' énergie à déceler nos fraudes respectives .
J' ai reçu , conformément à l' article 103 , paragraphe 2 , du règlement une proposition de résolution en conclusion de ce débat .
Qu' avez - vous dit ?
Madame la Commissaire , nous devons préparer la salle en raison de la séance solennelle .
it is not we but our children who will have to pay the price
Mais la réponse que j' ai reçue ne me satisfait pas totalement .
milan – markets and capitalist incentives have great strengths in promoting economic efficiency growth and innovation
and i know that there are independent filmmakers and films out there that can really make this happen
it is also vital that the yemeni state boosts its capacity to meet the needs of people throughout the country
Nous utilisions un silicium rouge à très haute température pour cela .
as the honourable member knows each country follows its own procedures and practices
C' était donc l' occasion pour le Parlement de donner un nouvel élan et un nouveau dynamisme à une procédure parfois prise à la légère .
but combined in a certain way they can create something that still looks three - dimensional like it could exist
Ainsi on éviterait que des usines de l' Union européenne partent dans d' autres pays , puisque les charges seraient les mêmes .
Vous devez être plus prudentes !
in kazakhstan the parliamentary elections which took place in september 2004 did not meet normally accepted international criteria
chemistry is largely a study of molecules and when they are complex there is the mysterious transition to life and biology
we must support it properly and if we put up the money our government in the united kingdom must take it up
other arab regimes are now spending their way back to stability with money that most former soviet states did n’t have
Ce doit être fait de manière très intelligente en l’ état actuel des choses , mais pas nécessairement par le biais de restrictions systématiques .
or how do you want to feed this back again so that our trade policy is imbued with a uniform european policy in such a way that all partners can understand this too
what you have to think about is we have a universe with a hundred billion galaxies a hundred billion stars each
the next item is the report by jacek protasiewicz on behalf of the committee on employment and social affairs on modernising labour law to meet the challenges of the 21st century
but they remain in existence three decades later
vice-président de la Commission . - Monsieur le Président , Mesdames et Messieurs les députés , on a entendu un vigoureux réquisitoire .
i taught my girlfriend how to drive
Si on parvient à briser le cycle de la violence , l’ Europe peut aider à former les agents de police , les juges et les professeurs .
when america went to war there was a deficit
if you could actually choose to preserve your romantic attachments to one person undiminished through time so that would n't have to -- love would never have to fade if you did n't want it to
our responsibility as europeans is to support democratic development which will also result in an improvement in the living conditions of the people
C' est doublement une erreur , car il n' est pas de l' intérêt de la Russie d' avoir à ses portes un Iran possédant l' arme nucléaire , particulièrement avec les 20 millions de citoyens russes musulmans qui ne cessent de se radicaliser .
Nous ne savons pas ce qui a été discuté et quelles orientations ont été adoptées lors de la rencontre précédente .
given the pressure that exists today why can you not tell us exactly where you agree and where you disagree with parliament instead of making general statements
Monsieur le Président , je voudrais commencer par féliciter M. Gemelli pour être parvenu à faire adopter ce rapport à l' unanimité par la commission du développement et de la coopération .
Le thème et ses variations est une de ces formes qui exige un certain type d' activité intellectuelle , parce qu' on compare tout le temps la variation au thème qu' on a en tête .
this reflects in part the fact that the historically low level of interest rates in the euro area continues to support monetary expansion
we must place much more emphasis on this aspect in our negotiations
this goes into the more sophisticated part of our process and the really hard work multi - step separation process begins
if you are to succeed you must work hard
Repenser les paysages comme des paysages que nous avons transformés .
Demeure ensuite la question bien sûr , de votre position quant à une directive sur l' accès aux réseaux pour les énergies renouvelables assortie d' une indemnité couvrant les frais .
the major innovation in this whole scenario is the advent of the euro
the report by oldřich vlasák on behalf of the committee on regional development on european urban agenda and its future in cohesion policy
he wrote it down in his notebook
tomorrow i shall ask the commission for a formal mandate to inform the united states of our line and as regards that line there can be no concessions or retractions
Nous avons à présent voté en faveur de cette preuve de la solidarité de l’ Union européenne , qui doit être allouée aux communautés touchées par la catastrophe par le biais du Fonds de solidarité .
Des contrôles stricts des importations d' aliments aux frontières extérieures actuelles de l' UE sont la garantie de cette sécurité .
Il faut encourager les États membres à adopter un système comportant des " clauses d' exemption " en lieu et place de " clauses d' acceptation " pour le don d' organes .
i 've never eaten anything like this before
however all countries whose gross domestic product is lower than 1 % of the eu25 total will not have to report data on transactions in the households and companies sectors
today we have sent belarus a clear signal
Ils demandent d' infliger des amendes .
this realization casts a new light not only on our measures of performance but also on the inferences we make
( EL ) Monsieur le Président , dans cette discussion très importante , permettez - moi de me concentrer sur deux points qui , je pense , sont pertinents .
we would be delighted to have many more resources we are aware of the achievements of governmental cooperation in relation to the lisbon objectives
Certains d’ entre nous vivent dans l’ espoir .
i 'd be depressed if they asked me to quit the team
there is too much state aid there are too many distortions to competition
Elle lui a mis une pilée .
Des discussions importantes ont eu lieu au Conseil européen de juin dernier sur la capacité d’ absorption de l’ Union européenne .
Madame la Présidente , je souhaiterais simplement expliquer brièvement pourquoi j' ai soutenu l' amendement 35 , lequel pourrait être décrit comme un " amendement torpilleur " .
i am delighted to have the support of mr von boetticher who has done an excellent job
the connection is the energy it takes to run the web and to make everything we think possible possible
there may be measures which can be taken in the short term and which may not require any regulatory changes
Il y aura ensuite de nombreuses possibilités de bloquer le pays si c' est ce que la Grèce souhaite , mais le bloquer maintenant dans ce contexte , et compte tenu de sa situation géographique particulière , est totalement irresponsable .
Certains soutiennent que ces pays sont intrinsèquement instables .
it makes it possible for employers and workers in each company to negotiate suitable forms of worker influence themselves through a voluntary system regardless of what country the company is in
in a sense this report completes the debate on the television without frontiers directive and also the debate in this chamber on the transmission of major sporting events
i think that this debate on the funding of non - governmental organizations specialized in the environment is a good time to acknowledge the work they have achieved particularly in the past 30 years
Au cours de la procédure , la Commission a , heureusement , tenu compte de notre critique et déjà amené à une certaine accélération .
unfortunately i can not be of much help to the honourable member as we too only learned of the two companies intentions from the press
it is estimated that one third of cases could be avoided by adopting a healthy lifestyle not smoking tobacco or abusing alcohol and participating in sport and keeping to a diet
they 're going to decide up front how the money gets spent
we also approved an additional ecu 35 million for bse research - a real success in my opinion
many fellow members who do not agree with the majority decision by the committee on industry research and energy say that the market if it is functioning and is left alone politically can achieve all these goals itself
the less experience we have with them the more glamorous they are
au nom du groupe GUE / NGL . - Madame la Présidente , la fuite du forage pétrolier de la baie du Mexique est une véritable catastrophe écologique et économique .
i pray to god that i am wrong
in tunisia the banned islamist party ennahdha renaissance was absent
the motion for a resolution sends out a clear message that in meeting this challenge the commission can always count on the support of the european parliament
Et à Harvard , par exemple , ils envoient une lettre aux étudiants de premier cycle -- les petits nouveaux -- en leur disant qu' ils obtiendront plus de la vie , et plus d' Harvard , s’ ils ralentissent . S’ ils en font moins , mais donnent du temps aux choses , le temps que les choses nécessitent , pour les apprécier , pour les savourer .
only the self - correcting mechanisms of truly democratic regimes can ensure the right balance
that the citizens have no cause for concern and that there are no dangerous quantities of uranium in these seas
Ces réformes sont nécessaires , même sans élargissement et elles sont absolument vitales à l' avenir de notre agriculture et de notre environnement , ainsi qu' à l' achèvement d' une Union stable , socialement cohésive , sur l' ensemble du continent européen .
this proposal is set out in our amendment
europe would in this way signal its independence its autonomy – which does not mean conflict with the united states but actually means autonomy and independence of judgment in international affairs
i 'm an independent individual person
at the political level france and its allies opposed the concept of a continental government advocated in the late 1950 's and early 1960 's by the likes of nasser and nkrumah
in any case cancún officially endorsed the emissions commitments made at copenhagen
Cette approche à la carte nous concerne dans la mesure où puisque la dimension africaine échoue , comme l' ont indiqué très clairement nos partenaires , une tentative est faite pour parvenir à un accord bilatéral avec chacun des pays africains individuellement .
the debate about granting serbia the status of an eu candidate country continues
Durant les négociations qui se sont déroulées à Londres , Belfast et Dublin , j' ai eu l' occasion de comprendre et de constater l' énorme détermination avec laquelle les deux gouvernements se sont engagés dans le processus de paix et de réconciliation .
Vous pourrez peut - être mettre en place des centres et des réseaux de connaissances susceptibles de constituer des sources d’ informations appréciables pour les prestataires de soins comme pour les patients .
you should face up to the reality
the geneva convention forms the basis of asylum policy
Mais dans l' ensemble , je crois que ce rapport est avant tout une opportunité manquée .
Bien entendu , ce n’ est là que l’ application de la stratégie impériale américaine visant à livrer le monde à un immense conflit de civilisations , resserrant ainsi le monde développé autour de Washington .
Il semble que l' accroissement de la sensibilisation au don d' organes implique que la politique de l' UE soit nécessairement opposée à la commercialisation de besoins sanitaires , sociaux et humains .
Les États - Unis ont besoin de l' Europe , tout comme nous avons besoin des États - Unis si nous voulons parvenir à relever les défis de ce siècle .
if our organisation of the scientific environment lags behind we will not achieve a european research area
what are the next steps in this very detailed process of surveillance
Prends ce parapluie pliable avec toi . Cela pourrait être utile .
it 's kind of the loss leader and then as soon as it looks interesting it ca n't be afforded or it ca n't be scaled out
mr president for our part we refuse to be taken in in the ways mentioned by our fellow member
its aim is strategic planning and harmonisation of the use of radio spectrum to ensure the functioning of the internal market
Ce seront des journées très intenses , au niveau de la politique de la concurrence du moins .
Mais même si cela n’ y figure pas , chaque constitution étant évidemment un compromis , nous disons « oui » à cette Constitution parce qu’ elle reflète nos valeurs .
it makes the capacity of the leaders of the member states to act in this matter merely optional even though they are the ones elected by the people
it is necessary for textile workers within the eu and those many in other parts of the world who seek to earn their living and improve their own economies and their own lives through the textiles industry
Et alors que le nouveau gouvernement prend ses marques et définit ses priorités , l’ Occident , et les Etats - Unis en particulier , doivent réévaluer l’ impact de leurs liens avec le Pakistan .
Pensez - vous que son histoire est fausse ?
En outre , nous devons inviter la Commission à créer un fonds européen d' inclusion des Roms , en plus d' une stratégie européenne pour l' inclusion des Roms et d' une unité rom au sein de la Commission européenne .
Je crois aussi que le caractère multiforme et fortement identitaire du patrimoine de nos régions rurales et insulaires fait leur particularité et leur richesse .
you confirmed this interpretation on three occasions and you were right because the house did indeed pronounce on the transitional system for the fifth parliamentary term
J’ estime aussi que c’ est une avancée d’ inclure les niveaux indicatifs pour les mouvements transfrontaliers des produits soumis à accise dans le projet de résolution du Parlement européen .
with regard to the economic crisis the debate has not been straightforward ladies and gentlemen
to this day we in europe remain in the privileged position of having the gulf stream and the gulf stream still does its stuff
Les efforts visant à intégrer la communauté rom ont souvent fini en tentatives d’ assimilation , qui ont également échoué .
the report emphasises a drugs policy designed to reduce harm
will china find a way to reverse its economic slowdown
it is high time that european leaders take this promise seriously
where do you plan to go on vacation next summer
La Grèce connaît actuellement le revers de la coopération européenne .
Mais où nous ont conduits , en matière de croissance et d’ emploi , tous les élans en la matière depuis près de quatre ans ?
the union has thus demonstrated that it is able to speak with one voice and is ready to take action based on values
let us face it this communist government is as terrified as ever at the thought of any groups or opinions taking shape independently
Pourquoi n' entendons - nous parler que d' argent ?
Chaque année , de 15 à 16 000 cas d' intoxication alimentaire aux salmonelles sont déclarés , à savoir la moitié des niveaux antérieurs .
Je pense que vous devriez leur faire clairement comprendre que nous regrettons vivement cette situation .
En d’ autres termes , il est possible de combiner croissance économique et réduction des émissions de dioxyde de carbone .
i would also like to tell the world that animals love
Alors , que devraient lire les Européens sous leurs parasols cette année ?
this is much more than a trade dispute and i think that the czech presidency has steered us through it well over these last few days
Nous ne sommes pas en train de plaider pour des réductions minimales rapidement absorbées par la productivité et sans effet sur l' emploi - réductions minimales habituelles dans les négociations collectives - .
research and technological development in the sphere of ict must therefore be given a high priority in the fifth framework programme
suffice to say on the legal basis for the establishment of parliament i have nothing to add to my previous answer
Une nouvelle loi sur la foi et la religion est entrée en vigueur l’ année dernière .
Selon les derniers rapports , l’ impopularité se répand dans tout le monde arabe , où sont brûlés côte à côte drapeaux israéliens et américains .
Mesdames et Messieurs , nous voudrions faire appliquer cet article .
mr president the council agrees with the importance the honourable member attaches to the right of refugees and exiles to return to their countries which is considered to be a fundamental human right
at the same time there are responsibilities incumbent upon the commission in the areas of the free circulation of goods protection of public health and respect of international rules
Selon les estimations , le financement nécessaire à l' extension du mandat actuel de l' ENISA serait de 12,698 millions d' euros en engagements .
with this in mind i believe that encouragement must be given to the initiative from the authorities in reykjavik to launch a public debate and consult with all the stakeholders in this project
Cela trouvera d' ailleurs une expression très , très claire dans la proposition relative au budget 2001 que je soumettrai à la Commission dans le courant de la semaine prochaine .
Est -ce que vous allez , par exemple , interdire ou ne pas proposer du tout de nouvelles dispositions concernant le cumul d’ origines dans les accords commerciaux avec Israël ?
unicef and others must act swiftly to provide the shelter protection and registration that those children need if they are to rebuild their lives and perhaps eventually be traced by relatives
freedom of religion should not be subject to licensing or state permission it should be a matter for individual conscience
J' ai trouvé que le problème n' était pas difficile à résoudre .
mr president i wish to point out that amendment 9 tabled by the ppe - de group is not contradictory to my own amendment 6 and therefore i should like to ask you to put both amendments to the vote separately
i agree with you to a degree
with regard to the procedures we are rather concerned about the limits on the extension of qualified majority voting
the eu proposal for a revised directive on the trading system envisages auctioning as the main method of distributing allowances
the late adoption of many operational programmes of the structural funds for the 2007 - 2013 period and others is the justification given by the commission and by the council for not using the appropriations forecast for 2007
Le statut des prisonniers détenus dans la Baie de Guantanamo et les récents incidents , sans doute systématiques , d' humiliation et de torture des prisonniers irakiens mettent en doute les valeurs mêmes sur lesquelles est basé un ordre libéral .
however the fact that we were already discussing the stability and growth pact before 11 september meant that we were playing with fire as mr karas put it and causing uncertainty
it is very important that forms of joint decision making self - governance and autonomy be set up on the basis of agreements between majorities and minorities while fully respecting the sovereignty and territorial integrity of member states
La Commission estime que si l' on doit apporter un soutien communautaire dans ce domaine - qu' il s' agisse de l' Irlande ou d' autres cas analogues éventuels - il sera bon de trouver une solution spécifique , totalement indépendante des mécanismes de l' impôt indirect .
indeed it could come to pass to the contrary that in 2020 economic disparities in the european union could be greater than they are in 2010
Comme nous le savons tous , il détermine en grande partie le climat de notre planète .
Cet accord constitue une avancée considérable .
Son travail lui plaît .
infringements are a serious problem in road transport which poses significant questions as regards border crossings
Cette conférence doit davantage chercher à s’ attaquer au problème plus général de la stabilité politique et sociale du Yémen .
and i just start out with a trace because i was thinking what really makes us -- you know it 's actually the past what makes a person
she hired him
kb ok do you think it 's here yes or no
as far as specific competition policies are concerned however we sometimes have the impression that the clock is to be put back
C’ est ce que visent principalement les mécanismes de taxation globale , tels que l’ initiative intitulée International Finance Facility ( IFF ) et la taxe sur les billets d’ avion .
are you still alive sysko
L' accent était très peu mis sur l' éthique . Et un étudiant lambda , un diplômé typique d' une université au Ghana a un sens plus fort de ses propres droits que de ses responsabilités .
in portugal minister manuel pinho revealed not only his total confusion and limited power to intervene but also an unacceptable interference in the regulator 's independence
Permettez - moi d' ajouter que les questions posées par l' honorable parlementaire ont un rapport avec l' interception des télécommunications aux fins de l' élucidation des infractions .
Non , ce n' est pas moi , c' est toi !
La protection industrielle , ainsi que M. Rocard l' a fait observer , se rapporte à l' application des utilisations industrielles , pour lesquelles nous avons déjà des règles bien établies .
Mais , c' est aussi une société dans laquelle les risques d' exclusion sont multiples .
Et , compte tenu du vieillissement de la population japonaise , le taux d’ épargne des foyers lui aussi baissera de manière dramatique . Le secteur privé aura donc plus de difficultés à financer les déficits budgétaires annuels .
Il n' existe pas d' endroit qui reflète mieux à la fois l' importance d' une nouvelle étape pour l' Union européenne et la reconnaissance que la présidence veut accorder au travail entrepris par le Parlement européen quant à l' avenir de l' Europe .
ronald reagan 's death forced many people to confront once again the legacy of central america 's brutal wars in guatemala el salvador and nicaragua of two decades ago
there are some things that helped me i think be better than i would have been i know i 'm not what i ought to be not what i should be but i think i 'm better than i would have been if i had n't run across certain things
Nous avons réussi , d' une part , à étendre les pouvoirs du Parlement au - delà de ceux que la Commission avait envisagés dans son projet .
Voilà à quoi ça ressemble : des bouées qui flottent sur l' eau , qui projettent un mètre vers le haut , un mètre vers le bas .
the police went and found a photograph of troy webb from four years earlier
this war is governed by lies unilateral propaganda cover - ups and omissions
C' est parfaitement ridicule et il faut en finir .
J' ai voté en faveur de cette résolution parce que j' estime que les partenariats en matière d' innovation dans les secteurs public et privé peuvent stimuler les activités de recherche et d' innovation et contribuer à relancer la demande pendant la crise .
Nos cœurs peuvent rapetisser .
if you are like me you know many wonderful committed engaged atheists agnostics who are being very good without god
Ils peuvent nager à la même vitesse de jour comme de nuit . Ils sont plus rapides que n' importe quel nageur olympique .
foreign language learning should start at a very early age when the human brain is most receptive to taking in new information
C’ est pourquoi je souhaiterais souligner qu’ il importe de s’ abstenir de toute action unilatérale risquant de porter préjudice aux négociations sur le statut définitif , qu’ il s’ agisse d’ attaques terroristes , de l’ extension de colonies de peuplement et du tracé du mur de séparation .
Compte tenu du rapport d’ aujourd’ hui , je ne vois pas pourquoi cette date ne pourrait être respectée .
Il ne peut donc y avoir de critère de définition fixé en douce par la Commission .
there is also a concentration of power and the big multinational companies exercise incredible pressure especially upon the african countries
the european parliament which is the only directly elected institution at this level and which enjoys certain powers bestowed upon it by the treaty will be ideal as the ecb 's privileged political point of contact
La situation est un peu meilleure en ce qui concerne l' UE , où elle représente 0,34 % .
Lors de cette rencontre , les chefs d' État et de gouvernement ont défini des objectifs ambitieux et , dans les mois qui ont suivi , tout laissait croire que ces objectifs pourraient être réalisés relativement rapidement et dans les délais fixés .
Quelque chose en quoi je crois profondément .
Y a -t -il un orateur qui soit contre la motion visant à considérer le rapport comme irrecevable ?
Je souhaiterais également faire une brève remarque sur le budget alloué à la politique de l' emploi .
En même temps nous disons " Oui , nous avons besoin de plus . Nous avons besoin d' avancer . "
our group obviously can not vote for this report proposing a highly convenient way of shuffling off the real problem which is one of drugs and drugs trafficking that today represents 80 % of the organized crime business
Les États membres impliqués dans Frontex se sont engagés à coopérer . Ils ne peuvent revenir sur cet engagement que dans des cas exceptionnels .
Je me réjouis d' une part du fait que nous consacrions notre travail à une lutte aussi efficace que possible contre la « pollution » d' Internet .
chicken please
Madame la Présidente , je me réjouis de pouvoir prendre la parole dans ce débat .
like half the antibiotics in this country are not administered to people but to animals
when is the proposal on additives flavourings and enzymes coming
they always seemed to be kind of related
i find this hard to take certainly where frontier work is concerned
it was a tremendous step towards the effective removal of restrictions on the movement of persons goods services and capital and the integration of national economies
Mon point de vue personnel , Mesdames et Messieurs , est qu' il est peu probable que cela se fasse par la multiplication des institutions de l' ONU .
Et ce parce que - comme chacun sait - les producteurs communautaires ne jouissent pas des mêmes conditions que d' autres pour agir sur un marché entièrement libéralisé .
if i knew that i 'd tell you
allow me therefore to ask you what mr patten asked the members of this parliament is the council unanimous
Quand t' es - tu marié ?
the advice that the african leaders received from their chinese counterparts was sound and much more practical than they typically get from the world bank
it will be clear to honourable members that the development of a multimodal trans - european transport network would be incomplete if the principal interconnection points were not included
they warn you or they try to attract you and say we need to mate
at the same time however it is obviously illegal to collect such identifiers if they are not necessary
greater demand for high - quality coffee has helped drive coffee prices higher
Je ne pensais pas que j’ aurais eu le temps de le faire , de vous parler de ce que nous avons appris , plus généralement , sur l’ économie en étudiant les gangs .
given the expected implementation level of these measures however the council has slightly reduced the payment appropriations as proposed by the commission and has brought them into line with real needs
Il me semble exagéré de couvrir 25 % des grands paquets de cigarettes d' avertissements .
by degrees the friendship between him and her grew into love
Ils devraient pourtant se rendre compte que l' indépendance du pays ne peut pas être assurée au moyen d' une force armée .
Il y a une quantité incroyable d’ essence qui peut être économisée , environ la moitié des besoins prévus à environ 1/8ème du prix .
Nous parlons , en fait , de droit pénal , un domaine dans lequel la résistance des États nationaux à la communautarisation est et restera toujours forte .
Chaque île , chaque territoire a sa spécificité , son identité et ses problèmes .
i have one burning question to ask
we will have the final say on what happens and rest assured it will not be a trade - off as to whether we keep that in or take it out to create the same amount of money in category 2
that is the kind of incubation and advocacy that i work towards in working with young black artists
Je pensais que M. Purvis avait clairement compris que les marchés financiers échappent même au contrôle d' un puissant commissaire tel que M. Liikanen . Aussi , je l' invite instamment à ignorer cette proposition extraordinaire et interventionniste .
Si vous avez répondu " Oui " à l' une des questions ci - dessus , veuillez fournir des détails .
La Commission a fait des efforts . L' Europe a fait des efforts , surtout dans le domaine de la politique .
i hope that this will become more widespread in the weeks and months to come
mrs sudre the purely legal issue here is about whether we can vote on the substance of this motion on thursday
Pour autant , les Turcs ne se sont pas détournés de l' islam , comme si cette tuerie pouvait se justifier par la religion .
i 've just come back
Avec le démarrage du nouveau cycle de la stratégie de Lisbonne en 2008 , le Parlement européen va adopter un plan d' action sur la mobilité de la main - d' œuvre , afin de renforcer l' emploi au niveau européen .
they ca n't hear you
Nous insistions sur la nécessité de partenariats et dialogues renforcés avec les pays d' origine .
Face aux dysfonctionnements actuels , quels sont les avantages de la budgétisation ?
this amazes me this is a product i just found out
Il a fait une expérience dans la foulée .
Je vous demande , Monsieur le Président , de bien vouloir informer le Parlement demain matin de ce qu' il conviendra de répondre aux questions portant sur les douches , les indemnités de déplacement , les fraudes , etc.
Nous devons nous protéger de la concurrence déloyale .
Monsieur le Président , nous devons uniquement aspirer à l' amélioration des conditions de vie et des espaces de liberté des citoyens cubains .
policymakers may choose instead to follow the example of chile and colombia which give students government money to pay for private education
the proposal provides for a reduction in total emissions of sulphur dioxide of about 1 million tonnes of the 3 million tonnes required by the acidification strategy
Les Kurdes ont démontré le plus haut niveau de perception de contrôle et d’ optimisme , 19 % indiquant le plus haut degré de contrôle sur leur vie et 17 % indiquant le plus haut degré d’ espoir en l’ avenir .
i would like some clear answers on these issues
the hypocrisy of the european union 's arms industry has to end and this is the best example we have had so far of what the end result is
La proposition tient compte des restrictions budgétaires et n’ implique pas de nouvelles dépenses au titre du budget européen .
and we call that a gal stripping technique
Je ne vois aucun calcul précis de la Commission justifiant les différents montants des primes .
En fixant les conditions de la coexistence , nous devons garantir que les agriculteurs qui veulent utiliser des méthodes de production conventionnelles ou biologiques en aient les moyens .
do n't bring your measuring stick
Par ailleurs , c’ est en raison de ces efforts que les gouvernements nationaux doivent s’ aligner sur notre vision des choses .
Les considérants de cette directive le stipulent explicitement .
Et puis , nous parlons de la nourriture biologique .
Jusqu' à présent , aucun accord n' a été trouvé quant à une position européenne concernant le processus d' Oslo .
Ne regarde pas ça !
on maritime ports we do not have any legislation at this stage in the pipeline
Par ailleurs , j' ai contribué à renforcer les exigences du Parlement européen vis-à-vis des pays candidats , notamment en ce qui concerne la lutte contre la corruption , ainsi qu' à ajouter une perspective économique .
Il a le pouvoir de réécrire les règles et de transformer nos vies en connectant chaque hôpital , chaque clinique et école dans un pays d' Afrique .
this is the tragic side of the events in the south which have come as such a surprise
Le gouvernement de Dominique de Villepin s' est détourné de ce défi pour se dédier au “ patriotisme économique , ” c' est - à - dire , protéger les soi - disant champions nationaux des OPA étrangères .
we have a responsibility to look after the safety and the funds of people in the european union
we do believe however that it is a human right to receive emergency treatment irrespective of a person 's status in society
less than four percent of the folks that went through her program actually go back to jail
mr president twelve years ago a czech human rights activist in prague wanted to appeal to a western head of government for help in the face of his impending imprisonment
whenever we set industry standards we must have impact studies to ensure that our products are manufactured in accordance with these standards on eu territory
Elle a beaucoup de travail à faire .
Ces crédits ne peuvent pas être refusés d' année en année .
Ce sont les marchés qui demandent cette gouvernance et cela , il faut l' entendre .
A long terme , le problème est plus vague , mais plus profond .
L' adoption par la Douma du projet de budget du gouvernement pour l' exercice 2000 sera un test important .
Il est d' ailleurs devenu presque impossible de résoudre le conflit israélo - palestinien sans l' Iran et ses alliés locaux , le Hezbollah au Liban et le Hamas en Palestine .
i got my masters and then went to art school after that
Nous nous trouvons ici dans un autre contexte dont la préoccupation est toute autre .
i go to any party i am invited to
Il importe donc de prendre des mesures de précaution pour le passage à l' euro .
perry has acquired the habit of thinking aloud
Je n' ai aucun problème à déclarer que je participe moi - même au fonds de pension volontaire , de même que 399 autres députés , et j' ai l' intention de voter contre mon propre intérêt et pour l' intérêt des contribuables .
J' ai été à l' hôpital hier .
first the current regulation expires on 31 december 2011
mr langen has presented a very sound analysis of the commission ’s green paper and proposed substantial improvements
so we ’ve run two flight schools
Toute concession est perçue comme signe de faiblesse .
Je ne sais pas , parce que je ne l' ai jamais fait .
Nous avons devant nous une nouvelle liste de desiderata dont nous savons d' expérience , et après trois gouvernements turcs , qu' ils ne pourront être satisfaits rapidement , aussi nécessaires soient - ils .
Donc , je la partage avec vous tous aujourd'hui , alors que l' idée en elle - même est en train de prendre forme et que je suis encore en train de faire le business plan .
C' est particulièrement alarmant , 60 ans après la proclamation de la déclaration universelle des droits de l' homme , et cela nous appelle à redoubler d' efforts .
Nous avons déterminé une stratégie pour l' Europe , une stratégie qui fixe de manière précise les tâches , les calendriers , notre façon de développer les secteurs politiques au sein de l' Union européenne .
as these are extremely dangerous products i urge the commission to take effective measures to shorten as much as possible the time between sample collection and the publishing of an alert in the rapex system
because that 's seven and a half seconds in which you can do something else
Votre travail semble suggérer que c' est profondément faux .
madam president i think that we have all noticed from your tone of voice that you have shown a great deal of personal stoicism in presiding over this part - session despite your ill health
here the current situation is that only companies which have been prosecuted successfully can be blacklisted and only by the member states
i think that it is important for that to be pursued by the european parliament
Sur la base de ce message , nous avons produit une charte des droits fondamentaux dans l' Union européenne , dont le premier message indique ce qui précède : la dignité humaine est le principe directeur le plus important de l' Union européenne .
mrs ferreira allow me to congratulate you on your first speech in parliament and to thank you for your call for cooperation for the benefit of european politics
mr president i would simply like to say that it is possible to have a debate without stigmatising people and without insulting and humiliating them
mr president ladies and gentlemen first of all i should like to congratulate mr lyon on his work and also the chair and the secretariat of the committee on agriculture and rural development
Ce n’ est pas ainsi que l’ on construit la paix .
De notre côté , c' est le moment de consolider notre économie et notre compétitivité .
the notion is absurd – john maynard keynes long ago spoke of gold as a “ barbarous relic ” – but the problem of anchoring global monetary policy and ensuring its alignment with developments in global supply is nonetheless real
Cela revient à dire qu’ une seule voix , celle de la gauche , a intégré ses amendements au texte initial .
La façon dont l' Union européenne participe dans les instances internationales , comme l' Organisation mondiale du commerce , est décisive .
this year 's far smaller eruption of eyjafjallajökull has literally wrought havoc with air transport in the european union
i would like to remind meps in general that questions during question time must be specific questions on specific issues which lead to specific answers
not by the latest combine and tractor invention but by fertile land not by pumps but by fresh water not by chainsaws but by forests and not by fishing boats and nets but by fish in the sea
. - Je partage sans conteste l’ avis de l’ honorable député selon lequel les possibilités de création d’ emplois qu’ offre l’ ouverture du marché des services à travers l’ Europe sont immenses .
Pour atteindre cette efficacité dans notre action , il est nécessaire de mener une coordination dans la pratique qui n' existe pas aujourd ' hui .
J' invite instamment la Commission à assumer de toute urgence son devoir de prudence en tant qu' employeur de Mme Bekele et à nommer un conseiller juridique pour sa défense .
La raison est que nous parlons ici de problèmes environnementaux transfrontaliers et de la capacité du marché intérieur de fonctionner .
hundreds of thousands have been made refugees
we should be asking eurostat and the commission if they could sort it out to give us the information we want so that we can try and get better value for this money
Rends - toi à l' entrepôt !
L' éducation est un autre instrument important en matière d' égalité des genres .
Mais en dernière analyse , cela , de même que toute résolution durable de la tragédie tchétchène , dépend de la mise en œuvre de politiques de longue haleine , humaines et résolues à Moscou .
Sur le plan des réformes économiques , le Parlement a agi conformément à ce qu’ il nous avait été demandé .
in most cases they are not but in some it is the manufacturers of lighters that offer these products which is not far off
long - term interest rates almost certainly will eventually start to rise – and “ eventually ” increasingly looks like next year
we need to try to bring this treaty into force
Quant à l' Europe , elle se préoccupe avant tout de ses crises internes .
Cependant , la réinstallation ne peut et ne doit pas être envisagée séparément d' une action commune de lutte contre l' immigration clandestine .
Politiquement , nous devons formuler des propositions basées d' abord et avant tout sur cette politique et , ensuite , sur une dématérialisation progressive de notre style de vie , sinon ce ne sera pas durable .
they also miss the opportunity to mount a more robust defense of trade when ethical concerns are less warranted
death is the antithesis of life
i ca n't believe your mom let you go
Tout ceci a radicalement altéré la carte politique intérieure d' Israël .
Je considère que la possibilité d' enrichir notre alimentation quotidienne de vitamines et de minéraux est très positive .
once again we should like to state that we do not share but rather condemn a restrictive and basic view of human rights
D' abord , il y a la politique de l' information , qui s' avère extrêmement importante .
L' Union et ses États membres doivent suivre les dossiers d' adoption internationale avec plus d' attention afin d' empêcher l' exploitation , la maltraitance , l' enlèvement et la traite d' enfants .
Cinquante ans plus tard , l' Europe en paix , et élargie aux dimensions d' un continent , a besoin d' institutions fortes pour relever le défi de son temps , la mondialisation .
La Terre produit un flot constant de catastrophes .
J' ai de la petite monnaie sur moi .
Je souhaite beaucoup de bonheur à ceux qui , comme moi , prennent leur retraite .
Lorsque vous venez la prochaine fois , emmenez votre frère !
are you crying
and that code has been encrypted so let 's decrypt it
as a consequence of this climate we have learnt of dozens of candidates who have withdrawn in the last hours
En outre , un membre stratégique de l’ Alliance , la Turquie , est peut - être en train d’ embarquer dans une dangereuse aventure militaire dans le nord de l’ Irak kurde .
Ainsi que l' a signalé l' économiste Joan Robinson en 1947 , n' importe quel taux de change correspond à la valeur d' équilibre d' une combinaison donnée de ces variables . Selon sa fameuse expression , le taux de change d' équilibre est une chimère .
( BG ) Monsieur le Président , Mesdames et Messieurs , je voudrais remercier moi aussi les rapporteurs , la Commission et la Présidence espagnole pour leur audace de nous avoir enfin permis de trouver une solution sérieuse à ce problème .
La question des paiements en garantie au Danemark n' a pas encore été résolue et c' est un scandale d' une très grande ampleur .
they experienced emotional pain and despair
and unfortunately for mortals like you and me we probably ca n't understand it very well
C' était l' optique essentielle du rapport qu' Elmar Brok et moi - même avions élaboré pendant la législature précédente sur la même question .
Il s' agit notamment de l' usage plus répandu des sous-titres et de la langue des signes à la télévision , de postes de travail spécialement adaptés aux personnes handicapées et d' interfaces Internet adéquates , en particulier pour les sites web publics .
madam president many of us had hoped that the end of the mobutu dictatorship would bring the new congo to greater democratic achievements and development
Je reste cependant optimiste .
tom knew this was going to happen
Nous souhaiterions toutefois que plus de personnes soient libérées .
La coordination de tous ces amendements et la conduite des négociations ont constitué un véritable exploit .
Aujourd'hui , ce n' est pas mon jour de chance !
La réduction du déficit sera finalement remise aux calendes grecques , soit ouvertement comme je le préférerais , soit subrepticement à la manière des politiciens .
Le rapporteur , M. Langen , a repris mes recommandations en invitant à la reconnaissance des services d' intérêt général en tant que valeurs communes européennes .
Freitas a une conception pour un globule blanc robotique .
do you have plans tonight
you reap what you sow
i understand very well that some members would like to increase the amounts but the commission continues to feel that ecu 450 per hectare is an appropriate sum - not a lavish one but nonetheless a reasonable amount
Nous avons tous indiqué que nous voulons davantage d' harmonisation , et cela semble être la substance générale des réponses obtenues .
Mais nous devons également regretter que certaines organisations se taisent , que certaines personnes se taisent , et que d' autres ne fassent que regretter les morts comme s' ils étaient la conséquence d' un accident de la route .
once again the issue is a matter of dispute among policymakers and economists
J' ai donc personnellement déposé une proposition , adoptée en commission , autorisant l' emploi de nouvelles méthodes reconnues par les comités scientifiques .
Je garde les livres anciens avec soin .
he will be able to appoint his commissioners in agreement with the member states and to set out guidelines for them during their term of office
how they look back on the games once the confetti is swept from the streets is far from certain
but with english you can become part of a wider conversation
Mes voisins sont mes amis .
as a doctor and professor of law he wishes to conduct his own defence which is a fundamental right
C' est pourquoi je demande que la présidence espagnole du Conseil fasse en sorte que nous arrivions à un accord avec l' OTAN afin que notre politique de sécurité et de défense soit assurée .
mercifully heavy rain has now come to the aid of the firefighters from brazil argentina and venezuela who have been seeking to stop the advance of this disastrous conflagration and many of the fires have been put out
Le succès de l' issue du processus de négociation en cours depuis vingt ans exige une approche constructive , mais flexible de la part des deux parties , pour que les positions actuelles , plutôt rigides , puissent se rapprocher .
eu biofuels policy does not reduce the availability of food as the quantities of feedstocks used are very small on a global scale
particularly where baby foods were concerned we came to the conclusion that as this is a very sensitive area it is particularly necessary to apply caution
the key to very many of the objectives that the commission is setting itself is the fair price of modes of transport and infrastructures
i 'm always surprised by him
Vous l' avez indiqué dans votre discours en disant qu' il n' y avait plus de vieille ni de nouvelle Europe , mais seulement notre Europe .
La crise des marchés de capitaux du tiers-monde , qui est devenue dans ces pays une crise de l' économie réelle , s' est traduite par des pertes énormes en termes d' emplois , de revenu réel et de nos propres exportations .
C' est cela que Richard Dawkins a évoqué dans son livre à succès de 1976 , " Le Gène égoïste " .
par écrit . - ( SV ) Je pense qu' il est bon que l' Union européenne assume sa responsabilité envers les consommateurs , et j' ai donc voté en faveur de ce rapport .
such a murder was carried out on my constituent alexander litvinenko in london in 2006 in an act of state - sponsored terrorism
L' automne dernier , j' ai attiré l' attention du public estonien sur la menace qui laissait présager un report de l' adhésion des nouveaux États membres au début 2009 .
for many south koreans park is a tragic heroine
this resulted in the requirement of said principality to implement apply and develop the schengen acquis
Dans la pratique , cela affaiblirait même certaines normes de protection de l' environnement .
we tread on eggshells both politically and diplomatically
he has good reason to get very angry
while the language of the resolution is weaker than i would have wished nevertheless a resolution carried by an overwhelming vote of the parliament is more likely to influence the decisions of israel and hamas than individual political group resolutions
but if it turns toward the past in looking for its future and if it believes it can dispense with investments in the future in favor of shameless personal self - enrichment it will continue to lose ground
ms roland what do you think about this problem
those votes reflected a noticeable lack of communication between the european union and its citizens
this amendment could also lead to different interpretations in the member states which might well look for similar instruments in other articles of the directive
whereupon the information enters the public realm through other routes and becomes sometimes justifiably and sometimes completely unjustifiably the subject of scandal
Même les vice-présidents sont très attentifs et ont toute mon approbation , comme par exemple le vice-président Provan " .
Il n' est pas concevable , dans l' Europe du XXIe siècle , que le manque de coordination ou d' optimisation des systèmes entraîne le gaspillage d' un organe qui aurait pu être utile à un autre Européen .
seeing is believing
J' aimerais néanmoins dire quelques mots sur certains domaines où , comme indiqué dans les recommandations de la Commission , le Monténégro doit poursuivre ses efforts s' il souhaite se rapprocher de l' Union européenne .
the risk would be to alienate public opinion in these countries against the union and that would risk us being seen as vacuous and vacillators
the commission can not take any action against a country protecting its own citizens health must never come second to the laws of the market
there has been as you say no final vote on the calendar
Il n' y a rien de clair , aucune politique cohérente ni aucune logique dans ce que vous proposez .
america should take note
Donc pour remédier à ça , on a étudié l' Angleterre par rapport à Aravind .
it is very important that we should now rather than backtracking on this commitment clarify how the commitment made by us in the european union can directly benefit the interested parties not least civil society
SJ : No , je ne peux pas voir à travers .
Et nous pouvons utiliser ce systéme pour tester l' influence du régime alimentaire dans des concentrations possibles à atteindre en mangeant .
this report therefore presents the eu 's human rights - related activities from both thematic and country perspectives
we have a slightly different culture and a very different history
Néanmoins , la Turquie est arrivée à un moment crucial : il se pourrait que les décennies de tutelle militaire exercée sur responsables politiques civils se terminent et qu’ elle achève sa transition vers une démocratie totale .
C' est une plante qui imite la première plante .
Jusque là , c' est - à - dire jusqu ' à ce que nous trouvions une autre solution à la question des sièges , nous nous retrouvons avec deux bâtiments qui doivent être adaptés afin d' accueillir un plus grand nombre de députés .
Les capacités d’ absorption ont été évoquées plusieurs fois .
Les éléments clés de ce compromis , cosigné par les trois principaux groupes politiques , sont similaires aux idées sur lesquelles le Conseil travaille .
Toutefois , l' ingérence internationale ne sert à rien .
the novel i 'm writing next is set in a love hotel so i wanted to see what one actually looks like
Les réglementations financières communautaires existantes sont trop fragmentées et manquent à la fois de lisibilité et de cohérence .
similarly i support the democratic nature and transparency of our decision - making whenever i can
L' Américain moyen consacre 19 % de ses revenus à sa voiture . Il veut réduire ce coût , mais il n' a pas de solution de rechange .
it gives impetus to the partnership by adopting resolutions and recommendations and it will be the legitimate parliamentary representation of the union for the mediterranean
i 'm healthy
Je suis toujours du côté du perdant .
furthermore we need controls with greater openness and transparency
Si les USA accordent des subventions gigantesques à leurs compagnies aériennes , il nous faudra en envisager les répercussions sur le marché transatlantique .
Nous supposons que vous examinez très sérieusement la question de la situation des Kurdes .
thirdly it must develop the european union ’s eastern dimension
this too is in danger of becoming a manifestation of intolerance but it must be kept absolutely outside of the debates in this parliament
without flexibility we will get nowhere
first because it provides a confused response to the fundamental questions of competition between european ports and financial transparency in the allocation of grants to these ports
the council by its absence today shows its lack of interest in the way in which we as a parliament have used our powers to begin the birth of a political europe
mr president i share the view that we need to make more progress from the point of view of efficiency and the analysis of the cost - effectiveness of the services offered
we must do our utmost to ensure its success
i found your cap
if i have understood correctly and the proposal is accepted by the rapporteur he is proposing that we discuss this issue this afternoon and vote tomorrow in which case the deadlines in rule
A cet égard , l’ approche des réformes fiscales est fondamentale .
i would also like to ask the member states to what extent they have involved the stakeholders and in particular the trade unions and the social services in the transposition
Le climat change .
Il y avait beaucoup de vent .
from the closed rooms of this summit culture was born a frustration and impotence also expressed by peaceful demonstrators trying to get their message through to the heads of state and government
28 millions d' ECU supplémentaires sur 60 au total , seront dépensés dans les zones frontalières de l' Irlande .
En politique Iouchtchenko joue aussi avec le feu en politique , car il a perdu le soutien de la majorité de " Notre Ukraine " , le parti qu' il a créé .
C' est pourquoi j' appelle de mes vœux leur participation intensive à la consultation publique consacrée au Livre Vert sur la cohésion territoriale .
Pour vous donner un exemple , une des régions russes par exemple , implique désormais ces citoyens dans la planification de sa stratégie jusqu' en 2020 .
it must not therefore be encumbered with concepts such as best available technology
C’ est ce que les pays riches d’ aujourd’ hui ont fait lorsqu’ ils étaient pauvres .
i brought this to the attention of the president also informing him of the desire of the commissioner to restart the discussions
the party set out regardless of the bad weather
point 9 we will need to extend the scope of the emission trading system to include aviation and subsequently also road transport
he is the tallest person in the class
so we talked for a few minutes and he said why do n't you tell them what you believe
such trends are dangerous
En termes simples , il n’ y a pas de substitut pour comprendre l’ avantage comparatif .
Vous êtes un intrus , comme ces gens - là étaient des intrus .
the commission will be putting forward its own proposal as we have our doubts about the legal basis proposed by the council
and every quarter brought new write - offs that ruined efforts to rebuild the bank ’s reputation and its employees ’ morale
at this point the task is being performed in a beautifully stereotyped way
C' est pourquoi cette politique visant à créer des dissidences entre les États membres de l' Union et le recours de la Russie à des prises de contact bilatérales afin de mettre certains États membres sous pression sont intolérables .
Je vais lire le texte en anglais - nouveau paragraphe 10 , point a ) :
COPENHAGUE – Il est aujourd’hui généralement admis que les économies avancées devront fournir une contribution financière considérable aux pays en développement pour leur permettre de lutter contre le changement climatique .
we are promised that more money will be spent on regional funds cohesion funds social funds globalised funds fisheries funds etc – all this to gain the trust and commitment of the citizens
Par conséquent , quelle que soit la pertinence intrinsèque du système , il est impératif de garantir ce contrôle démocratique .
Les régions concernées pourront remplacer les habitations insalubres des communautés socialement exclues , et développer des solutions globales , intégrées et durables à leurs problèmes de logements .
no easy answers to these questions exist
does he go to school on foot or by bicycle
Je ne peux pas faire fuir les oiseaux . Je ne suis pas un épouvantail .
this motion for a resolution could in fact have very serious consequences for the stability and balance of our european institutions
Plusieurs États membres imposent des prescriptions nationales plus strictes que celles fixées dans la législation européenne .
Il est scandaleux de voir ces positions imposées par un tribunal .
and these await our discovery
Toutefois , permettez - moi également de dire que certains milieux ont tenté de restreindre les droits budgétaires de ce Parlement .
Ce mot provient du grec .
i am aware that there are concerns too
he is the arbiter at the top and the trouble - shooter in social conflicts below
that is what can not be allowed to happen
a crisis in france could be bad for america
Il est important de s' assurer au moins que cet argent ne partira pas aux États - Unis .
it can create balance it can build up close economic relations and on this basis offer strong economic cooperation and financial support
secondly it is very important that there is funding to implement that research and offer real support to people suffering from that disease as well as their families
the key issue is to implement measures in that area to combat illegal unreported and unregulated fishing enforced by the regional fisheries organisations rfos
Les Nations unies sont censées surveiller les Droits de l' homme , dont le plus élémentaire est le droit de se nourrir .
Nous avons délibéré à ce sujet , et avons pu mener le débat grâce à un « oui » massif du groupe PPE .
Il en reste d' autres mais je puis vous dire qu' en ce qui concerne l' ensemble du rapport de M. Fabra Vallés , il s' agit , à 80 % , de décisions qui ont déjà été prises .
if mr mandelson has his way then i am afraid that the beef and dairy lamb and pigmeat sectors in europe will be wiped out and so will the common agricultural policy
Nous estimons également exagéré de poser les mêmes exigences en matière de sécurité alimentaire en Europe que dans les pays en développement .
Il souligne par exemple l' importance de la recherche fondamentale .
almost surely mauritius too will have to intervene
and these are just some of the examples
the issue of data for instance is most important
Et nous ne voyons pas au - delà .
i paid close attention to the swedish presidency and i was practically frozen stiff by the coldness with which the swedes habitually responded this is not my responsibility
unfortunately political conditions in russia are moving the wrong way
what is on the table here is a placebo designed to ensure that people feel safe but certainly not increasing security
but the sgp 's current rules discourage this kind of reform by prohibiting temporary increases in the budget deficit - even if they promise long - term fiscal consolidation
small and medium - sized enterprises have a totally different capacity from traditional large enterprises when it comes to adapting to new circumstances and adopting new discoveries and technology
C' est dingue . On donne des antibiotiques chaque vache , chaque mouton , chaque poulet , reçoit des antibiotiques chaque jour ,
personally i feel enormously grateful to have lived through the age of cheap oil
Est -ce que tu as l' argent ?
Nous disons " oui " à la restructuration écologique de notre économie et de notre société ; nous sommes complètement de votre côté dans ce domaine et nous traduirons cette position par des actions .
- Monsieur le Président , dans l’ ensemble , les projets de règlement sur les Fonds structurels atteignent leurs objectifs , mais à mes yeux , plusieurs points restent sans réponse eu égard aux tâches qui ont été définies .
Depuis Lisbonne , cette étape peut sembler aujourd'hui tout à fait évidente , mais elle se faisait attendre depuis trente ans .
L’ impact est très fort .
Si le Parlement , en tant qu' autorité de contrôle , l' accepte , il manque également à son devoir .
for me the problem in the dairy market is not only an issue between the commission and member states
but in most of the rest of the world that 's not the case
the european council must call on president putin to bring the perpetrators of this heinous crime to justice
Nous devons nous pencher sur ce problème , c' est une nécessité .
this new condition could have an even greater impact than the cohesion fund taking account of the funding of major projects giving rise to bigger difficulties in implementation and financing
Les données obtenues sont généralement fort incomplètes et , souvent , sujettes à caution , parce que les éléments dont nous disposons et les méthodes pour quantifier ces statistiques ne sont pas toujours fiables .
Ou bien encore la cour pouvait lancer un nouveau nom d’ ère après une débâcle politique , pour tenter de jeter l’ éponge .
desperate diseases require desperate remedies
Il ne s' agit pas seulement de livres , mais aussi de journaux , d' archives et de films .
En fin de compte , il est inquiétant de constater avec quelle facilité l' on considère nos semblables comme de simples travailleurs d' utilité économique .
Le biogaz et d' autres biocarburants , les énergies solaire et éolienne aussi , peuvent notablement réduire la dépendance aux sources d' énergie classiques .
the commission bears a great deal of responsibility in this respect
Je voudrais en particulier exprimer ma reconnaissance au rapporteur , Mme Barsi - Pataky , ainsi qu' à Mme Angelika Niebler , la présidente de la commission ITRE .
Je présume que le parkinson vient petit à petit au fil des années , mais arrivé à un certain point , on commence à voir les symptômes .
La Ligue islamique et la Ligue arabe n' ont jamais défendu les droits des chrétiens comme nous l' avons fait des droits des musulmans .
mr president it is traditional in the house to thank and congratulate the rapporteur
this will make this programme more accessible for smes which make up a significant portion of the business world and which employ a significant proportion of the european workforce
- Cette question n’ est pas seulement débattue , elle est aussi étudiée de très près .
Les parties concernées doivent avoir connaissance de ces éléments avant de prendre une décision .
Qu' as - tu fait de mon sac ?
these innovations will help to reduce co2 emissions fuel consumption and noise pollution
Monsieur le Président , il y a dix ans ces jours - ci que l' Estonie a reconquis son indépendance .
instead there is defiance and self - affirmation “ they will not do that to me ”
the most likely interpretation is that those at the top no longer want to concede anything when it comes to stability
Nous apprenons à devenir comme eux .
those authorities must be quite independent from the public provision agencies and must follow a harmonized european approach which fully respects the rules of competition
L’ Union européenne entend imposer le Traité constitutionnel à des nations libres , bien que dans de tels cas , les référendums nationaux obligatoires approuvant le Traité ne soient pas requis .
Il n' est pas surprenant de constater que c' est le secteur des services financiers qui est le plus touché , avec des pertes de plus de 54 milliards d' euros ( 6,25 % du PIB ) .
member states can adopt incentive measures including tax credits for products which are extremely energy efficient
Nous ne pouvons pas suivre l’ exemple des pays qui ont abandonné les réformes structurelles et accru les dépenses publiques .
Toutefois , les problèmes que créera cette directive dépasseront ses bénéfices .
Pour autant , je suis heureux de pouvoir faire cette intervention sur ce dossier important qu’ est le paquet ferroviaire et tout ce qu’ il implique par ailleurs .
if we are to tackle those problems it is very important to tackle them at european level because it is clearly a cross - country problem
i will ensure that each of you receives a response in writing in due course
Des discussions ont lieu dans ce sens dans plusieurs pays .
De plus , il convient d' installer au plus vite des cellules de soutien psychologique .
Il fut élu roi du bal de fin d' année .
Sa finalité est sans aucun doute louable , mais elle n' a aucune base juridique et elle enfreint l' accord sur les bases juridiques que nous avons signé le 17 juillet passé .
Il faut souligner essentiellement trois points .
En sont responsables non seulement la Commission et le Parlement , mais aussi et avant tout le Conseil .
i do so because i am aware that despite the personal tragedies she has experienced at the hands of the ltte she courageously initiated moves which paved the way for the current peace initiative
this debate has shown that it is possible to find a broad consensus on an issue that provoked a good deal of controversy at first reading
in the last year it has adopted only three common measures and five common positions and the commission has not exercised its right of initiative at all
Mais dans le même temps , nous voyons la Slovaquie , par exemple , qui a été un peu mise en panne , parce que la Commission se permet , à mon sens , une ingérence dans ses affaires intérieures .
and i want to convince you the brain does make predictions of the sensory feedback it 's going to get
La monarchie égyptienne a été renversée en 1952 sans violence et pendant 250 ans , l' Egypte s' est montrée capable de produire des tendances politiques à la fois radicales et réformistes .
Hier , trois journalistes ont été tués en Afghanistan lors d' une embuscade tendue par les taliban .
Souviens - toi que nous sommes tous dans le même bateau .
she approached him with a smile on her face
À cet égard , la convention de Lomé offre un cadre approprié à des fins de consultation , de dialogue politique et , le cas échéant , de suspension de la coopération .
LM : Il y a 10 ans , lors de mon opération -- et ça me fait très plaisir de le revoir .
in the dire economic crisis the dangers of an appalling catastrophe are considerable but without extensive political change they will be much greater
and the reason it should n't be is that on any day you can go into trending topics and you tend to find topics that are almost entirely african - american conversations
indeed on the surface it seems to be its perfect antithesis the collapse of a wall symbolizing oppression and artificial divisions versus the collapse of a seemingly indestructible and reassuring institution of financial capitalism
however to move on to your second priority employment which relates to my temporary position in parliament
this enthusiasm for reform marks a paradigm shift
Donc je suis retourné voir le professeur Cilliers , et il a dit : « Allez à la bibliothèque . » C' est ce que j' ai fait et j' ai cherché dans les manuels de métallurgie de premier cycle -- totalement inutile pour ce que j' essayais de faire .
i have to tell you with considerable regret that i have been informed by the inter - trade union committee of the european parliament that it has decided to organise a strike today at 11 a.m. to coincide with this debate
and i proposed that our parliament should have an annual meeting with representatives of civil society
( PL ) Monsieur le Président , les élections présidentielles et celles du gouvernement local sont prévues le 10 mai prochain aux Philippines .
En conférant aux Nations unies le rôle principal dans l' Irak d' après - guerre , comme les dirigeants de l' UE l' ont demandé , les États - Unis démontreraient de façon éclatante qu' ils accordent de la valeur au lien transatlantique et qu' ils veulent réellement le reconstruire .
the european union is strongly opposed to the use of the death penalty
ca well indeed but what do you do when the two come into conflict and you 're forced to make a decision that either is in britain 's interest or the interest of britons or citizens elsewhere in the world
for several years some members of the us senate have maintained a punitive policy towards indonesia by cutting off military assistance and curtailing indonesian military training in the us
Dans le cadre du débat d' aujourd' hui , je partage l' avis de M. Titley selon lequel nous avons tendance à faire abstraction du fait que la population irakienne a été libérée du joug d' un tyran .
L' ordre du jour appelle la déclaration du président en exercice du Conseil sur le programme d' activité de la présidence italienne .
this increase will only benefit our assistants meps themselves will not see any increase in their salaries
A ce jour , Bush et Blair n' ont réussi à convaincre qu' une partie de leur propre opinion publique .
Hamilton était particulièrement convaincu de l’ importance d’ un système bancaire sophistiqué pour soutenir l’ économie croissante .
Je tiens à attirer l' attention sur la nécessité , comme le prévoit la nouvelle stratégie Europe 2020 , de prendre des mesures dans les plus brefs délais afin de réduire le nombre d' étudiants qui quittent l' école sans diplôme .
i hope that just as she has succeeded in overcoming such great resistance she will also be able to overcome the resistance put up by the council and bring the project to a successful conclusion within the set time frame
mr president the laeken declaration set the scene for a broad public discussion about the future of europe
J' accorde beaucoup de valeur à notre amitié .
Elle jouait souvent au tennis le samedi après-midi .
access to information today seems unrestricted and at the same time deficient
Il est clair que le modèle social européen est onéreux , et la compétitivité de nos entreprises en est la première affectée .
Pour la deuxième question , qui concerne la 14e directive sur le droit des sociétés , nous avions suggéré un moyen supplémentaire d' améliorer la mobilité , à savoir une directive stipulant les conditions du transfert du siège statutaire au sein de l' Union européenne .
J' espère que le commissaire en charge des budgets prendra ce point en considération .
Je dois également , Madame , faire avec les impondérables .
Et bien si .
politicians in greece all of them have said that they want a yes vote with mr papandreou leading the way
Pour le président russe Dmitri Medvedev , la crise est le signe que l’ hégémonie américaine tire à sa fin , tandis que le président vénézuélien Hugo Chavez estime que Beijing compte aujourd’hui plus que New York .
C’ est l’ association convergente d’ avancées économiques et techniques et de progrès social qui a permis de donner vie à ce projet , une première dans l’ histoire économique .
Monsieur le Président , Monsieur le Président de la Commission , j' aurais deux questions à vous poser .
par écrit . - ( PT ) J' ai émis un vote favorable à l' égard de ce rapport et soutiens la résolution correspondante .
in the interests of securing cross - border mobility the recognition of diplomas in this field must also be promoted
Monsieur le Président , comme il a été dit un certain nombre de fois , le " non " irlandais n' est pas un " non " à l' élargissement .
baroness ashton 17 may is europe - iraq day in baghdad
Nous avons introduit de façon formelle , en 1994 , avec le règlement 3259 , une définition unifiée et valable dans toute la Communauté concernant le tonnage .
and people told me -- like these 36 views of the empire state building -- they told me you 're making artist books
the annual payment that some of the tobacco growers get is in fact more than the value of the land that tobacco is grown on
Une période de 13 ans ne peut se justifier du point de la sécurité et de la santé .
you know you have a pizza you 've no idea what the price is
terrorism must not be given free rein within the eu and on that question we all of course have a responsibility
this month 's entry of china into the wto is a major step in that process
Il ne fait aucun doute que le Hezbollah a gravement sous-estimé l’ ampleur des représailles lorsqu’ il a pris la décision de tuer huit soldats et d’ en kidnapper deux dans le nord d’ Israël .
Le bon sens l' a heureusement emporté et l' Assemblée a rejeté par une écrasante majorité cet amendement tout à fait déplacé et exagéré .
during this brief reply i will restrict myself simply to making an appeal which i consider absolutely necessary and indispensable today when at thessaloniki we will have to take fundamental decisions for our whole future
Et pourtant , je voudrais penser que je suis plus que mes gènes .
that is why in the motion we call for humanitarian aid as well as food aid to be provided
if the kaaba were to be destroyed our children could build it again and if the masjid al - aqsa were to be destroyed we could reconstruct it
Dans les années 90 , la Banque Centrale Japonaise a injecté des sommes énormes dans les banques afin de dynamiser la réserve monétaire .
Mais en comparaison , nous pouvons apprendre .
global zero must go hand in hand with a robust strategy of conflict resolution and confidence - building in trouble spots such as southeast asia and the middle east
Connaissez - vous quelques mythes grecs ?
in some ways chinese minorities in southeast asia have shared some of the hostility suffered by jews in the west
Nous souhaitons entretenir avec l' Indonésie les meilleures relations possibles , mais cela ne sera possible que si la situation s' améliore considérablement sur le plan des droits de l' homme .
La population , la Commission et le Conseil attendent la décision de ce Parlement , et tout le monde est conscient de l’ importance de cette Assemblée .
Nous savons que la Cour des comptes dresse toujours un bilan particulièrement dur , non seulement pour l' Union européenne mais aussi pour les États membres .
a european fund is vital
i would like to call on my fellow member to have another careful look at paragraph 1
Il y a un silence , et l' opérateur entend un coup de feu .
Je pense que , dans un tel cas , les autorités juridiques d' un pays ont le droit de décider elles - mêmes d' une éventuelle extradition .
he 's almost always cast as a leading man
L' Irlande se range parmi les principaux producteurs de logiciels de l' Union .
the slovenian presidency will also strive to improve cooperation as well as the implementation of appropriate decisions in various environmental agreements at national and regional levels
that sound familiar
Les mesures prises pour lutter contre la discrimination à l' encontre des Roms restent insuffisantes .
Cela fait presque 40 ans que je travaille dans les villes , et lorsqu' un maire essaie de me dire que sa ville est si grande . Ou qu' un autre maire dit qu' il n' a pas les ressources financières J' aimerais dire , avec l' expérience que j' ai , que chaque ville dans le monde peut être améliorée en moins de trois ans .
not long ago one might have concluded that at least in europe there were no taboos left
he looked over my report
Maintenant , comme avec tout ce qui est vraiment différent du statu quo , les choses ne se passaient pas si bien pendant la phase de test de l' engin .
adding to the complexity of the situation are the islamists who have so far kept a low profile
Votre chien mord - il ?
on human rights we do not always see eye to eye
Chaque solution présente des avantages .
and the world bank argues though this must be a very rule - of - thumb figure that the palestinian national income has been reduced by about usd 2.4bn as a result of what has happened over the last months
let us get our act together let us do something not just for transparency but for good spending
and i want you to help me do that in this next clip
Monsieur le Président , il ne s' agit pas d' une motion de procédure , mais d' une simple mise en garde .
a logical solution would be to scrap the proportional component of the electoral system altogether and move decisively toward a two - party political system under fully majoritarian elections
Bien sûr , il faut introduire une nouvelle culture administrative et politique , mais nous avons besoin d' une Commission forte .
the meaning of her name is pig
the outcome will show how well the union has coped with enlargement
Celui - ci commence par ces mots : " Déplore l' accord conclu sur le cadre financier 2007 - 2013 , en particulier les réductions du montant des fonds structurels de 0,47 % " .
C' est également une très bonne chose que ces rapports se trouvent à présent sur la table .
Jusqu' à présent , la proposition pour l' initiative de financement accéléré a été acceptée pour seulement 10 pays , dont 7 pays ACP .
C’ est à mes yeux un excellent exemple d’ un domaine où , en relevant le défi de l’ engagement plus proche des citoyens , l’ Europe doit procéder avec plus de légèreté .
we do not reject the principle of a pact for rules that seek to combine stability and growth
Deuxièmement , l' indépendance financière nécessaire de la BCE doit être renforcée .
the black rhino -- they were almost extinct in 1982
we respond to stories more than data
member states must reinforce preventative measures and focus on the most vulnerable families
it 's crowded today
Je suis entièrement d’ accord avec ceux d’ entre vous qui ont soulevé la question , par exemple , de la fermeture des frontières .
consequently they are convinced that they will never gain international recognition and hence opt for massive suppression in other words mass murder of their people
this may be a concession but this is offset by the fact that the council in its common position had not made any reference to external costs and had to make a u - turn without there being any turning back now
Il est clair que l’ Union jouit déjà d’ une relation profonde et étroite avec les pays de la Méditerranée et du Moyen - Orient .
Mon bras me fait affreusement mal .
J' ai également soutenu le relèvement de l' âge de la retraite des députés européens de 60 à 63 ans .
Nous pourrions nous retrouver devant un nouveau " débat sur les concombres " , et voir de nouveau critiquer la manie des détails reprochée à l' UE .
Mais il s’ agit plutôt d’ une théorie sur la gestion des risques pour certains types de produits que de “ liquidités ” proprement dites .
mr president i first want to say that i agree with mr fourçans report and also that i am pleased to see mr duisenberg in the european parliament
Son gouvernement a alors voulu faire porter le blâme sur le procureur local responsable de l’ arrestation du capitaine .
C' est particulièrement important si nous savons que les prix croissants de l' énergie sont devenus l' une des causes les plus significatives de la pauvreté .
Les institutions européennes doivent soutenir les populations et la démocratie en conservant la neutralité dans leurs propos et en identifiant prosaïquement les changements par rapport aux Traités précédents .
MILAN - Si on observe les structures des échanges des deux plus grands acteurs de l' économie mondiale , deux faits se détachent .
please do not interrupt you are not worthy of a reply
- Les procès-verbaux de cette période de session seront soumis à l’ Assemblée au début de la prochaine période de session .
in addition to the above it is attempting to dodge the overruling of the commercial policy of the us by the mechanism of the world trade organization for the settlement of disputes
i do feel however that the directive lacks ambition with regard to limiting phosphates in detergents
Alors , qu' est -ce qui pourra secouer la classe politique japonaise et lui faire abandonner son silence ?
Je veux savoir si vous serez libre demain .
mr president i naturally want to thank mrs lindh the president - in - office of the council and president prodi for their presentation of the agenda they intend to present to the stockholm summit
they 're just examples
mr president i wanted to speak before the roll - call vote opened
Pourrait - on trouver un lieu inconnu au sol , si on connaissait l' emplacement du satellite ? "
he is getting far too familiar with my wife
" Chypre , la République tchèque , l' Estonie , la Hongrie , la Lettonie , la Lituanie , Malte , la Pologne , la République slovaque et la Slovénie répondent aux critères politiques .
it should be emphasised that both the commission 's strategy and parliament 's report reflect the spirit of the treaty of lisbon - what it says about energy solidarity and its concern for energy security and supply
ro i personally believe that there is great potential for close economic cultural and political ties between iran and the european union
within this internal market of course it is consumption which is perhaps the most important driver that we need to support in the very short term
to call the israeli government clumsy is to miss the point
we can not do this by convincing ourselves that we can keep following the same old tracks
. - Monsieur le Président , la Tunisie est un pays qui , ces dernières années , a accompli des pas importants sur la voie du respect des droits de l’ homme pour ses citoyens .
Je n' ai pas une très bonne vue .
Cette question a suscité des débats animés entre le monde industriel et celui de l’ administration .
moreover it is incredible that full protection of the participants can not be ensured as far as social protection and medical assistance is concerned
Celui - ci demande en effet que le Parlement européen soit associé aux décisions et indique que son avis favorable est nécessaire avant tout passage à la deuxième mouture du Système d' information Schengen .
Pendant mon mandat au sein du Parlement britannique , j' étais coprésident de l' intergroupe Grande - Bretagne - Somalie .
after ten years as business partners they decided to part ways
you notice the clay on the soles of her feet
cambridge – addressing the annual world economic forum in davos switzerland chinese premier wen jiabao explained his government ’s plans to counter the global economic meltdown with public spending and loans
because the world is becoming ever more sophisticated many organised crime syndicates can take advantage of legal loopholes and differences between legislation in the member states to exploit anomalies between the various systems
i studied architecture then did a second degree in architecture and then actually quickly realized that it was n't architecture
this is the mediterranean coast with no fish bare rock and lots of sea urchins that like to eat the algae
he is french by birth but he is now a citizen of the usa
Modification des statuts de l' entreprise commune Galileo ( vote )
i have no career --
interestingly it seemed to correspond more or less to jung 's four subdivisions of human thought
seminars are being planned to bring the players involved closer together and to help them monitor the implementation
Elle gara sa voiture sur une place libre .
there are questions that hans blix has raised and which we also have to put before the public what about the anthrax which is a biological weapon
Vous êtes revenues ici en courant .
C' est en quelque sorte un univers alternatif .
Création du système européen d' information sur les casiers judiciaires ( ECRIS ) (
Mais être simple , c’ est aussi s’ exprimer clairement .
the chinese and their government are wedded to a different conception of society and polity community - based rather than individualist state - centric rather than liberal authoritarian rather than democratic
Parallèlement , les faillites et saisies provoquées par des taux d’ intérêt trop élevés ne sont pas annulées par des baisses subséquentes des taux .
Cela implique la persistance des problèmes qui se posent sur place , pendant des générations .
Il est normal que le nombre d' opérations - et par conséquent le nombre de personnes faisant l' objet d' une enquête - augmente ; c' est la preuve d' une plus grande efficacité .
only then can we have a new basis for trust
we can do better than this
La question est , quel genre d' impact cela aura - t - il sur notre culture , et qu' est -ce que ça voudra dire pour les femmes ?
Nous estimons , en outre , que tous les instruments communautaires relatifs aux évaluations environnementales devraient avoir la même base juridique .
Je l' ai déjà dit , je le répète , on ne peut se décharger indéfiniment des problèmes sur les générations futures .
La question crée la vérité et la façon dont la question est posée détermine la qualité de cette vérité .
À cela s' ajoute la proposition du Conseil de reporter un milliard d' écus de 1998 en 1999 .
Nous devons également le faire afin de pouvoir suivre le développement technique dans tous les secteurs et pour pouvoir diminuer les prix .
basho was the greatest poet
Et je n' en n' ai pas encore fini le tour , si on m' avait dit quand j' étais plus jeune que je grandirais et que j' irais dans un magasin de chaussures , et que les gens crieraient en me voyant " c' est la Dame du Vagin " ,
Je pensais que j' avais vu quelque chose .
i approach photographing these icebergs as if i 'm making portraits of my ancestors knowing that in these individual moments they exist in that way and will never exist that way again
together we account for a fifth of global trade
labels have to state the country of production of food items including in the instance of processed food
Une croûte de pain mangée en toute tranquillité vaut mieux qu' un banquet savouré avec anxiété .
Ils ne doivent pas être uniquement tributaires des fonds provenant du budget , ils doivent également disposer d' autres sources de financement .
Le Médiateur devrait rendre des comptes des progrès accomplis à cet égard dans son rapport annuel d' activité .
Beaucoup de gens attendent de voir ce qui va se passer .
Tous ces efforts ayant été en grande partie anéantis , nous devons aider la population libanaise à retrouver la situation qui prévalait avant le début du conflit militaire , lorsque la région toute entière avait toutes les raisons d’ être optimiste .
Les députés de cette Assemblée qui souhaiteraient , dans le cadre de ces pourparlers , que soit maintenu le rabais britannique pour les prochaines années sont probablement peu nombreux , hormis ceux qui représentent le Royaume - Uni .
La proposition que la Commission a déposée est bonne .
Nos vies sont des activités partagées , au moins pour une partie .
Nous sommes retournés au MIT et , à l' aide de la machine Instron , nous avons déterminé les forces nécessaires pour comprimer une briquette jusqu' à obtenir Et pendant ce temps , des étudiants travaillaient sur ce problème en laboratoire , nos partenaires locaux travaillaient à Haïti sur le développement du procédé afin de l' améliorer et de faciliter son accès pour les habitants des villages .
a very important event has occurred between then and now which has changed the very structure and operation of the union
i have one final question on the wto recently it was written that people would actually welcome a decision in qatar to open a new negotiating round in various sectors
ro mr president i too would like to congratulate mr cutaş for drafting this very well - structured report
Question suivante : sommes - nous dignes de confiance si nous exportons dans d' autres pays des produits qui ne sont pas assez bons pour nous - mêmes ?
if these boundaries are properly observed then i would say that under the political and constitutional system of the european union it is very difficult to intervene radically in the internal arrangements of the member states
L' argent ne va pas aux citoyens grecs , il va aux conglomérats financiers qui détiennent la dette gouvernementale grecque .
he just wants to wish her a good day because that 's the start of her day
Ensuite , nous nous trouvons dans une situation originale qui consiste à avoir un leader global – les Etats - Unis – qui est aussi le plus gros débiteur au monde .
both victory and defeat are but an everyday occurrence to a soldier
the reasons have been spelt out loud and clear
used to be there were two mustards french 's and gulden 's
Grâce à ces solutions , la vie professionnelle et les conditions de vie quotidienne des femmes dans les zones rurales seront plus attrayantes .
we also need to be able to make our own organisation more efficient and to try to make savings where possible in order by doing so to also be able to finance any additional needs
Les gouvernements étrangers se sont plaints pendant des années des fonds spéculatifs américains , avançant que leur comportement sans transparence présentait des risques inacceptables pour la stabilité .
La menace est bien réelle , et on semble l' oublier dans cet hémicycle .
C' est fou , je sais . Dingue .
it also is much more dynamic so that you can see that the same form opens and closes in a very dynamic way as you move across it because it has this quality of vector in motion built into it
Et nous convertissons ces informations dans cette structure , cette compréhension , cette capacité à convertir ces histoires en quelque chose qui est calculable . en quelque chose qui nous permette de changer la façon dont la médecine est structurée et distribuée .
i think the moment of truth has come
what proposals will the council produce to ensure the harmonization of legal procedures for births marriages and deaths so that in future the single market will serve the citizens of europe from the cradle to the grave
i therefore hope that as occurred in the committee on regional development the plenary of the european parliament will give overwhelming support to the proposal that mr galeote has put to us
Non seulement la volonté de certaines ONG et de certains activistes d’ enfermer la RSE dans un carcan coïncidant avec leurs propres priorités n’ est pas une bonne idée , mais elle doit être rejetée .
En fait , à chaque fois que j' enseigne en Irlande , les gens nous confondent et disent : " Oh , c' est Chris O' Barney de Cork . "
Le monde du jeu est notre perpétuel jardin d' Eden .
even if no account were taken of the environmental aspects there is a lot to be said for putting energy efficiency on the agenda set by the lisbon process
Nous avons la responsabilité politique de les aider à y parvenir .
Le stimulus de 800 milliards de dollars n’ a pas eu l’ effet escompté par ses partisans , en grande partie parce qu’ il fut accompagné d’ une forte augmentation de l’ épargne privée .
Cependant , il y a aussi des risques auxquels nous devons faire face .
the commission 's proposal is rightly aimed at including the gender aspect as an important factor in all areas of development cooperation
we are aware of the fact that with the cfsp we are opening up new prospects for the european union and the cooperation established at the outset is very important
Je partage l' avis de la Commission sur la fixation de priorités claires et la planification à long terme .
also the concept of sustainability has still not been defined
but it also shows how we can turn what appears at first to be a bad situation into something that was overall very good for america
but greece portugal italy and ireland are not argentina
En même temps , je voudrais encore défendre le budget que nous avons alloué à la communication et à l’ information .
the debate on this report is suspended
Betty Ford , Nancy Reagan ont témoigné , pour dire " J' ai survécu au cancer du sein " On a pu en parler librement .
Il ne fait pas l' ombre d' un doute , selon moi , qu' un certain nombre de collègues exprimeraient les mêmes inquiétudes .
beyond health effects contamination could terrorize affected populations prompting temporary flight and permanent relocation serious long - term economic consequences would follow
Mon mari est paresseux .
his manners are n't those of a gentleman
this scheme for recapitalizing banks has three advantages over others that have been suggested by economists and politicians
i know that quotas arouse conflicting feelings and that they do not represent proper democracy but neither does this situation that we are in now
but i 'm ready
some people maintain that the proposal is too precise and that the community and the european union will make themselves look ridiculous
the commission welcomes the convergence being developed between parliament and the presidency and will work to facilitate the achievement of an agreement on reach so that reach becomes law as quickly as possible
La majorité des États membres ont adopté des dispositions relatives à la violence sexuelle dans le couple et l' ont qualifiée de délit .
Je serais très reconnaissant au ministre s' il pouvait nous expliquer pourquoi il en est ainsi et les mesures que l' Espagne prendra pour résoudre ce problème que des citoyens européens rencontrent dans son pays .
Le roman en question est A l’ Aveugle par Claudio Magris .
i do not say this as a personal complaint but simply so that you can understand the climate and act accordingly
this is demonstrated by scientific and technical studies carried out at european level by the association of transporters
but in addition we wanted to open up this study to anybody around the world
Dans ce contexte , une hausse sensible du financement est indispensable .
Partout les Russes sont censés soutenir quelque chose sans prendre part à sa création .
En termes relatifs , les pays riches devenaient encore plus riches .
we must now bring the enlargement negotiations to a successful and workable conclusion as quickly as possible
En Europe , nous avons délibérément choisi un chemin différent de celui des États - Unis , auxquels on se compare souvent .
Lui et son équipe de négociateurs dirigée par Erekat , ont obtenu le soutien de tous les membres de la Ligue arabe .
À cet égard , votre résolution sera un élément d' information , utile pour ces débats .
Merci pour tout ce que vous faîtes .
Je pense que cela sera dans leur intérêt .
Nous avons finalement trouvé la clef .
this is the device we 're building now
Cas de figure similaire à l’ alcool , les mineurs pourront se procurer de la marijuana ( tout comme aujourd’hui ) , quel que soit l’ âge légal minimum .
Nous avons donc essayé de simplifier les choses en donnant une sorte de prime de recevabilité .
yet it miraculously gained control of all of ukraine ’s gas imports from central asia
La longue histoire de l’ exploitation de l’ Afrique exige que cette inquiétude ne soit pas balayée à la légère .
En outre , le montant des financements débloqués devrait tenir compte non seulement de l' amplitude de la catastrophe , mais aussi de la prospérité des régions concernées .
( Le Parlement rejette la motion )
therefore cohesion policy should not be weakened but strengthened instead
the other 20 all replied in one way or another that they intended to forge ahead at once without waiting for the outcome of the national ballots
i think this is a core and fundamental part of the work that we should do
and i could n't force myself across that
we must never forget that crude oil has been and still is the cause of many economic conflicts not to mention the detrimental effects that its extraction processing and use have on the environment
i 'm a cancer doctor and i walked out of my office and walked by the pharmacy in the hospital three or four years ago
Cependant , à part dans quelques pays parmi lesquels la Chine , évidemment , mais aussi l' Espagne , les faibles dépenses d' infrastructure sont épidémiques .
Quand cette directive sera entrée en vigueur , elle sanctionnera les autorités qui sont des mauvais payeurs et offrira aux entrepreneurs un levier important pour recouvrer leurs créances .
we know that you can grab onto things with them
six months ago in this very chamber the british prime minister said that we should forget about national egotism if we want to transform europe into a politically credible and economically competitive continent on the basis of solidarity
i would ask you now to observe a minute 's silence in memory of the dead
Dans les années d' élection , la politique monétaire peut servir à stimuler , si ce n' est plus , une économie , tout comme la politique fiscale , et c' est là l' objectif des politiciens .
Les dégâts neurologiques , 10 ans de rééducation , demandent une vision à long terme .
Il est déjà parvenu à trouver un accord sur ce que nous appellerions un consensus national relatif à l' essence même de l' action de l' état .
L' oléoduc Bakou - Tbilissi - Ceyhan , qui contournera la Russie quand il sera fini , ne peut pas aider à la redéfinition de l' économie du pays dans les proportions espérées par Chevardnadze .
Je suis revenu principalement pour retrouver ma famille et pour renouer les liens d' une façon qui me permette de trouver ma place dans la société .
firstly it endeavours to improve on a text that in my view focuses a little too much on climate change
water is leaking into my goggles i do n't think they fit right
it is one of the largest fora for exchanging ideas on international security which in the past has proven that it is capable of taking effective action
Le fardeau du secteur privé ne se limite pas aux entreprises publiques , car il doit aussi alimenter les caisses de l' Etat qui absorbent une part considérable du revenu national ( 51 % ) , notamment par de lourdes charges patronales sur les salaires .
i believe that the european parliament has lost an opportunity to make it clear that it is serious about citizens rights
Je dois rattraper le temps perdu .
Le seul point litigieux du texte résidait dans le champ d' application de ces règles , qui s' appliquent uniquement aux trajets de plus de 250 km .
like don quixote – and cervantes himself – the artist dreams of other rules and rewards than his fellow men who are content to digest their everyday lives
the general public are demanding this and society needs it it is a question of security and self - confidence
with these additional points the committee on industry research and energy supports the report and at the same time commends it to the attention of the commission for its forthcoming green transport proposals
the new directive must be implementable flexible and geared towards the management of bathing water and towards deregulation and must certainly cut down on red tape
the rapporteur has my full support in his appeal for a strong directive protecting the music industry from piracy on the internet
Mais il y avait un bruit continu que Jansky n' arrivait pas à identifier , et il semblait surgir dans son casque radio quatre minutes plus tôt chaque jour .
Certaines personnes demandent , " Pourquoi est -ce en noir et blanc ?
but islam has traditionally always been pluralistic and tolerant of differences
Les efforts déployés par la Chine pour réaliser un développement plus homogène , malgré les avantages inhérents au littoral , ont pris la forme de flux à deux sens de capitaux et de main d’ ouvre entre les régions côtières et de l’ intérieur .
Le potentiel est donc là
Dans le meilleur des cas , ils voudraient combiner la puissance actuelle de l' armée algérienne avec la légitimité de l' armée turque .
these are questions that i should mention in passing could mean a difference of eur 7 000 million
Examinons un instant la question la plus brûlante : comment traiter l’ Iran , vis-à-vis du développement de son programme nucléaire .
commercial banks are awash with these volatile short - term speculative funds which they lend to governments on the most stringent conditions
Les paragraphes 9 et 10 suggèrent une solution franchement erronée .
in my home country costs have fallen by 7 % over the past year and i think that the right to repayment has been a significant contributory factor
what can europe do
i 'll take my chances with you
i would specifically ask the commission represented here by mr barnier to recognise the new state of southern sudan immediately that is as soon as possible
Un mois plus tôt , tout ceci aurait été inimaginable .
Pour qu' il n' y ait pas de malentendu sur la question de la procédure d' infraction , je vous ai dit que nous sommes toujours dans la situation où l' Irlande se trouve hors des objectifs POP dans le segment pélagique .
Par conséquent , il est fondamental de mettre au point le SIS de deuxième génération ( SIS II ) , de créer un système d’ information sur les visas ( VIS ) et d’ introduire des données biométriques .
Monsieur le Commissaire Barnier , n' étiez - vous pas à la Convention ?
Et donc on a trouvé de nouvelles espèces qui vivent à l' intérieur de la glace et contribuent à soutenir une chaîne alimentaire dans la glace .
the report admits that
it is important to thrash out the rights of the host country and the obligations of the home country
improved budget transparency both for parliament and i must say for the council would also be achieved
J' ai donné mon soutien inconditionnel à la résolution sur le rapport de suivi 2010 concernant l' Islande soumis au vote du Parlement .
Monsieur le Président , permettez - moi d' être claire sur le principe que nous pouvons donner notre accord à l' utilisation du Fonds européen d' ajustement à la mondialisation ( FEM ) pour ces trois demandes .
Récemment encore , j' ai appris que les options ou les explosions nucléaires ne sont pas toujours dangereuses .
the door opened and a man came out
dans les rues de Lagos , au Nigéria , en Afrique de l' Ouest .
Je voudrais en particulier remercier le commissaire Dalli pour son attention et pour avoir annoncé une accélération des mesures , car le cancer a sa propre dynamique et , donc , nous aussi nous devons agir de manière dynamique .
Elle adore les chats .
moving across to the west coast you see san francisco and los angeles -- big low - traffic zones across nevada and arizona
Je n' arrive pas à croire que vous ne soyez pas au moins disposé à envisager d' autres possibilités .
Lorsque l’ exercice du pouvoir coercitif nuit au pouvoir d’ influence , l’ exercice du pouvoir tout court devient plus difficile – c’ est ce qu’ a pu découvrir le président Bush après avoir envahi l’ Irak .
Toutefois , il est évident que Solvit a besoin de plus de moyens et de soutien et doit se faire valoir aux yeux des citoyens .
what is europe ’s project today
Ces résultats , bien que préliminaires , suggèrent la possibilité d' un traitement alternatif s' ils sont validés par des études à plus grande échelle .
i chose to abstain because although this text mentions identifying possible savings for next year 's budget these are not made specific within the text
Notre objectif est d' obtenir des données équivalentes et comparables dans tous les États membres .
Comment pouvons - nous être compétitifs et modernes si nous prenons de telles décisions ?
but their presence has also raised concerns that speculation in commodity futures could result in higher price volatility
my answer is because the system we have is wrong which is why we need to change the system rather than trying to treat the symptoms
looking at recent history one can identify four factors that will continue to drive oil prices higher unless a major earthquake brings the market to its knees
members of evangelical churches associate their beliefs with the rugged individualism of the early pioneers
these tools are badly in need of repair
C' est une idée intéressante . " Et il s' avère que Weiffenbach est en quelque sorte un expert de la réception micro-ondes , et il a mis en place des antennes avec un amplificateur dans son bureau .
i am going to study the possibilities here but they are unfortunately rather limited
the fearful noise astonished anyone coming for the first time
Du côté israélien , il y a un nouveau mouvement pacifique appelé Solidariot , ce qui signifie solidarité en hébreu .
Sans un changement d' attitude quant à la place des albinos , ce registre pourrait être utilisé à l' avenir pour localiser tous les albinos et pour les exterminer .
- Monsieur le Président , je commencerai par approuver les remarques que mes collègues ont déjà faites .
ca we need someone for
Nous comprenons tous parfaitement que la majorité des aéroports opèrent dans des conditions de monopole naturel et qu' ils entrent inévitablement en conflit d' intérêts et que les usagers , c' est - à - dire les compagnies aériennes , peuvent en souffrir .
eu subsidies have even been adjusted accordingly
well we can report in fact that we 're grandparents
Que c' était une autre preuve que l' Africain n' est pas capable de se gouverner .
the transitional independent privatization agency proposed by jean - claude juncker for paying the greek debt is not a good idea
this european council has enabled us to show that we are united that we have acted and that we have firm positions
Tu ne peux jamais dire quelle sorte d' emploi tu vas peut - être trouver .
Il est nécessaire de poursuivre la réforme de la justice , afin d' en garantir le professionnalisme et l' indépendance vis-à-vis des pressions politiques , d' intensifier la lutte contre la corruption et d' améliorer le climat des affaires .
my parents keep arguing about stupid things it 's so annoying
the pain has lessened a little
mais au fond il faudrait que vous en lisiez plus , j' ai publié énormément de choses sur tout cela ; je cite le travail expérimental sur lequel mon optimisme se base , et il y a pas mal de détails .
Mais un million par mois au pays des ordinateurs portables c’ est un bon chiffre .
above all particularly in this domain professional competence must not be subordinated to political considerations
secondly we need to stop the convention moving towards a super - state which would be cumbersome and restrictive
J' ai soutenu la recommandation parce que l' Union européenne doit envoyer un message fort contre la pêche illicite , non déclarée et non réglementée .
Nous en sommes responsables en tant qu' Union européenne , et nous devons une telle issue aux nations et aux cultures de cette région .
girl yes
Je voudrais également savoir quelles mesures la Commission prévoit de prendre pour garantir non seulement la flexibilité nécessaire , mais également le respect des droits de ces travailleurs .
i am not forgetting notable exceptions such as our late fellow member from poland filip adwent
let me now look at the practical issues raised by the question and first explain the commission 's role in the ilo negotiations on a new convention and recommendation on decent work
Les séquoias repoussent vers eux - mêmes quand ils s' étendent , et cet arc-boutant est une branche émanant de ce petit tronc , revenant vers le tronc principal et fusionnant avec lui .
we do not need closer cooperation on the social dialogue - that goes beyond the powers of the european union
now we hear the half - time whistle but i suspect mr barroso is not a man to listen to whistle - blowers
i would like to end my intervention by thanking you all for your contributions your participation in the debate and for your majority support for the document presented
euro - mediterranean cooperation continuation
C' est la seule façon de garantir un examen bien pesé des différents avantages et inconvénients et d' offrir une garantie générale des intérêts de l' Union européenne et des citoyens .
at the same time i can imagine what they will include
Elle va devenir un facteur tout à fait central .
it is possible that the new economic and political context will lead iran ’s rulers to accept what they have rebuffed until now
Je suis très satisfait .
La Commission a activement aidé le gouvernement moldave à réaliser , dans la mesure du possible , son ambitieux programme de réforme au cours de l' année dernière .
the door to dialogue with hamas should remain open
then we will see what happens
Supposons que cela se produise , qu' adviendra - t - il au dollar ?
Alors , quels sont donc les bénéficiaires ?
we think these issues need to be analysed much more thoroughly
we can not allow the ecj to make policy in this area on a case by case piecemeal basis
whose son shall it be
it madam president i would like some clarification
domestic capital markets were non - existent
Difficile de voir la Russie offrir au monde un nouveau type d’ universalisme , comme elle l’ a fait autrefois avec le communisme .
it 'll survive her
Où en étaient nos relations avec M. Kadhafi avant qu' on le bombarde ?
Mes remerciements vont également à l' ensemble du Parlement pour son soutien et sa compréhension vis-à-vis de ce projet car , sans ce soutien , nous ne serions pas parvenus aussi loin que nous ne sommes aujourd'hui .
Ce que je sais par contre est que le monde ne peut pas compter sur les médias américains pour être informé : chat échaudé craint l’ eau froide !
let us not forget that the only reason the eu was able to achieve its targets was that the new member states had reduced their emissions significantly
this flower is a type of rose
La Constitution doit garantir à tous les groupes établis une place au sein des institutions politiques du pays .
Pour les Balkans également , enfin , il faudra intervenir afin de renforcer le processus de stabilisation et d' association .
Je suis entièrement d' accord avec elle lorsqu' elle exprime l' exigence d' un élargissement des mesures préventives , et montre que le programme d' action continue à manquer de données concrètes dans ce domaine .
La Chine se trouve à un tournant de son histoire .
following research this seems not to be the case
Parce que comme je disais , je pense que vous n' obtenez jamais de l' argent ou de la gloire pour votre amour - propre .
Dans un tel contexte , les prix sont enclins à des écarts considérables par rapport à la norme établie par l’ hypothétique sagesse collective que représenterait la somme de toutes les informations du marché .
Dans le secteur de la construction navale , je me souviens des décisions négatives ordonnant le remboursement de l' aide - certains d' entre vous s' en rappelleront - concernant les chantiers navals publics espagnols IZAR , les chantiers navals grecs et quelques autres .
Baril : ça sera un meilleur pays dans 20 ans , car nous y étions
it 's a very bizarre animal
Mais je crois que notre action doit se placer dans une perspective d' avenir , et cela signifie qu' il faut transformer nos paroles en actes .
it will soon be 31 december 2002 and rather than discussing whether or not to adopt the list we are again going over the discussions we had in the days before the directive was drawn up
the council requested me to make a final attempt to reach an agreement on the basis of the existing negotiation mandate
in its conclusions of 19 march the council supported the initiative by the authorities in belgrade to find a peaceful and permanent solution to the current situation in southern serbia
La langue officielle de la Thaïlande est le thaï .
Les flots d' immigrants de toutes catégories pèsent très lourdement sur nos finances publiques et sur les rouages de nos sociétés .
Pyongyang a violé les accords conclu , sachant pertinemment que la Chine , le pays ayant les moyens de pression les plus évidents , est aussi celui qui craint le plus un changement de régime et le chaos à ses frontières .
ostensibly he 's dead now
at the peak of activity earlier this year the researchers lowered the drill an extra hundred feet deeper into the ice every day and another 365 years deeper into the past
japanese scholar yoshihisa hagiwara argues that since it is not grounded in fact the nation - state myth is bound to dissolve giving way to an understanding that we are merely individuals who are part of a global community
Il ne reçoit aucune subvention du gouvernement , et il est en train de construire un second et plus gros bateau .
it has been a colossal task for bulgaria to recover from the effects of 50 years of communism
we must wait we must think hard and carefully and we must at all costs avoid unintended consequences
mr president unfortunately a number of delegates here in this house are using this extremely important debate about racism to place themselves on an imaginary list of good and evil
Il doit mettre en place un dispositif théorique et pratique pour le traitement des plaintes .
Après avoir observé une minute de silence , nous avons discuté , parmi les divers aspects politiques de cette horrible tragédie , de ceux qui sont de la compétence directe de la Commission .
some provisions such as the introduction of a european system of loans for students in partnership with the eib are even worrying given the objectives set in terms of access to university by the greatest number
we know already about heavy attendance at the country ’s mosques
Elle m' écrivit de venir sur-le-champ .
most probably the viruses came from the wild animals in whose environment we were encroaching
J' ai dit , " Bon c' est une aptitude sociale . "
Le père Noël est un Chinois .
immigration is an opportunity for europe ’s future and at a time when racism and xenophobia are swooping down on us we need to say that strongly and forcefully
Tout ce que nous savons , fondamentalement , c' est que les citoyens néerlandais doivent sortir leur portefeuille et payer la note pour les États membres fragiles , parmi lesquels plusieurs ont rejoint la zone euro par des moyens frauduleux .
Ce faisant , les Européens ont également appris à remettre en question leurs croyances et à réclamer - et à fournir - de bonnes raisons pour chaque action , et ce processus d’ édification ne se terminera jamais .
mr president commissioner ladies and gentlemen i wish firstly to say that i really appreciate mrs ferreira ’s work
in the third place motherhood is indelibly related to the demographic problems of each country and it is generally known that this is a grave problem
black friday in the united states traditionally is the day after thanksgiving that signals the start of the holiday season sale
Dans le même temps , les conditions de travail empirent à cause des horaires de travail flexibles et , en conséquence , les travailleurs sont sacrifiés à la compétitivité et aux bénéfices plantureux du capital .
there are several mass regularisation the ‘ call effect ’
Il a en effet déjà prouvé sa valeur .
Il existe une véritable tension - voire même une contradiction - entre ces deux aspects et nous devons mettre un terme à ces tensions .
in this connection i would point out that the eu is committed to mobilising around eur 66 billion annually from 2010 which amounts to eur 20 billion more than the figure set for 2006
concerning the eu ’s participation and the commission ’s role i would like to point out four things
however this is only one of the conditions of stability of europe
C' est pourquoi les changements subits du paysage politique de l' Europe , refaçonné en France et en Grèce par les frondes électorales contre l' austérité fiscale prônée par l’ Allemagne , risquent également d' influer sur les mesures économiques de l' Europe .
Le 20 mars , un nouveau Premier ministre et un nouveau parlement seront élus .
Ce liquide transparent contient du poison .
what defines a story are changes significant moments and endings
Nous devons maintenir le dialogue en permanence avec les dirigeants et la société ukrainiens .
L' essentiel pour nous est toutefois que la répartition des nouvelles quantités reste identique .
Je ne vois que des images spécifiques .
Mais les activités périphériques , comme celles - ci , permettent aux gens de se rencontrer , de faire des trucs marrants , de faire connaissance . Ce genre d' activité facile d' accès est à mon avis la clé de faire connaissance . Ce genre d' activité facile d' accès est à mon avis la clé pour développer les liens entre êtres humains dont nous manquons .
Qu' en est-il de votre épouse ?
C' est très important .
in the context of the euro crisis member states should no longer escape penalties if their deficits get out of control
and i said first of all let me do the calculation on that compound bottom right which is related to coumarin but has an extra pentagon inserted into the molecule
we have all seen what can happen to the meat market when the safety of consumers is neglected allegedly to protect the market
the prince succeeded to the throne
Je viens du Japon .
( ES ) Monsieur le Président , il n' est pas correct de dire que notre Assemblée s' est exprimée sur le cas de Mme Haidar .
has he failed again
we are seriously behind schedule as everyone admits and that should spur us on to even greater effort
Elles sont généralement moins visibles et il est donc plus difficile pour les donateurs et les différents organismes de les assister .
C' est l' expression concrète de la solidarité avec les citoyens européens affectés par de telles catastrophes , et c' est par ce type de procédure que nous faisons droit à la vision d' un soutien actif apporté par l' Union européenne à ses citoyens .
they 're not rational about probability
the room has two windows
i have not managed to do so yet but i have not given up hope
commissioner you said that a few thousand africans were receiving treatment but in africa 30 million people are hiv - positive 6.5 million of whom require treatment
La Commission estime que les partenaires sociaux sont les mieux placés pour relever ce défi et proposer des améliorations possibles .
i am very grateful for your reply commissioner which furthermore contains reasonable arguments and i am glad to see that the decision to remove connect is not irreversible
Et inversement , quand le soleil se couchait derrière son temple à elle , dans l' après - midi , il couvrait parfaitement de son ombre , le temple de l' époux .
the german social democrats have even objected to the possibility of an increase from 15 % to 16 % and they certainly consider it totally wrong to cease to apply the ceiling rates
Nous jouons avec 1260 amendements , nous jouons au partenariat à l' échelle mondiale , à Europalia , à Daphné au Plan D , bref , nous nous saupoudrons .
i believe that both mr poettering and mr klinz said a few words in that regard
he is also liaising closely with other special representatives including professor han the special representative of the secretary - general of the un
L' énergie nucléaire n' est certainement pas la solution au problème .
Pour convaincre le public , Feynman a démontré cette conclusion dans une expérience télévisée .
Le monde se tourne vers les Nations Unies comme jamais par le passé , mais l’ opinion communément admise veut que nous ne soyons pas à la hauteur .
further discussion in the council has been deferred pending receipt of parliament 's opinion on the commission proposals
Et après ? Je pense en fait que nous ne pouvons pas faire mieux avec la technologie actuelle . Avançons avec le problème .
Et l' abeille a été astucieusement leurrée afin de sucer le nectar , et aussi à ramasser de la poudre sur ses pattes .
Et le genre d' éléments dont je parle , c' est que nous avons premièrement un restaurant à l' intérieur d' une serre productive , un peu comme celle - ci à Amsterdam appelée De Kas .
the aim of the european union is the ever closer union between nations
La restitution , le retour des terres confisquées et la protection de la propriété privée , figurent au nombre de ces éléments .
as a result we will have no choice but to add other sources of energy – renewables yes but also more nuclear power and unconventional fossil fuels such as oil sands
Et il faut tenir clairement pour responsable l' État indonésien de ses atermoiements actuels .
L' intervention des gouvernements ne l' arrêtera pas , et si les réglementations sont trop sévères , cela forcera ce segment des services financiers à quitter l' Union européenne ou à trouver de nouvelles formes encore non réglementées .
but it built a romance
this we later found out is in fact a crater but there are very few craters on the surface of titan meaning it 's a very young surface
every week it seems brings another backward step for palestine
prague is strategically placed in the heart of europe and the building suggested for the new headquarters currently houses the ministry of informatics in the former military zone in klecany
C' est également une bonne chose que , au cours de nos débats , nous n' ayons pas discuté du lieu d' implantation de l' Institut .
so a harmonised system of the kind which the report envisages for the longer term is no obvious matter
groups and parties on the extreme right are attacking refugee camps murdering people because of the colour of their skin setting fire to houses and murdering small children because of different religious beliefs
turkey does not fulfil the political part of these criteria
Nous allons à présent nous concentrer sur la procédure de décharge 2008 en matière de Fonds structurels et d' aide extérieure .
in 2009 this scheme should include a sum of eur 500 million with additional resources from the member states designated for cofinancing
i take this opportunity to wish simon every success in his future in national politics
we are going to see the concrete proposals regarding renewables
and i also whistled at a christmas eve party with my family - in - law
Le Conseil européen peut - il préciser ce qu' il a l' intention de faire à l' égard du gouvernement du Zimbabwe , compte tenu des violations flagrantes des droits de l' homme dans ce pays ?
once again these guys rock it out
Aujourd’hui , j’ ai répété que , de la façon dont mon groupe et moi - même le considérons , il appartient à M. Prodi de diriger la Commission jusqu’ au dernier jour de son mandat .
it is also necessary i believe to stimulate creation by adopting a specific tax system for innovative products such as digital cultural content
Et quelques fois ils recourent à la technique dite « brûler et renifler » où ils brûlent le plastique et sentent l’ odeur des fumées pour déterminer le type de plastique .
Il s' agit en fait du code source de l' un de ces univers accompagné d' une annotation des ingénieurs mentionnant qu' ils rencontrèrent des problèmes .
C’ est la raison pour laquelle nous sommes pleinement partisans de recherches et d’ un débat plus approfondis sur les effets environnementaux des taxes automobiles .
La Communauté est tout à fait intéressée à encourager la découverte de la culture par des élèves qui seront ensuite tentés de revenir dans la Communauté en tant qu' étudiants de l' enseignement supérieur .
Quant à moi , je soutiens également les PME , la lutte contre le chômage , l' encouragement de la jeunesse et de la culture .
moscow – greater europe is at a crossroads
En outre , j' examinerai plus particulièrement les conclusions auxquelles est parvenu le Conseil des Ministres de l' Agriculture des 29 et 30 avril .
Notre travail n' a pas été sans difficulté , notamment à la suite de l' accord sur les perspectives financières qui réduit notre horizon économique initial .
Au Royaume - Uni , vous pouvez vous lever , prendre votre ordinateur en sortant d' ici , et aller lire un journal indien ou australien , canadien , à Dieu ne plaise américain .
Lorsque M. Posselt parle de libre circulation , il vise le plus souvent les citoyens de l' hémisphère sud ou les demandeurs d' asile .
my studio in bali was only 10 minutes away from a monkey forest
Ne m' as - tu pas dit hier que tu ne serais pas en retard aujourd'hui ?
the west has courted trouble in appearing to isolate the pashtun
transmission is believed to be airborne through close and frequent contact with an infected untreated person but leprosy is very hard to develop most people have a built - in immunity to it and have nothing to fear
except it 's supposed to be brown
i should also like to thank the two draftsmen of opinion of the committee on employment and social affairs and the committee on foreign affairs human rights common security and defence policy for their very pleasant and smooth cooperation
the commission 's framework directive as with other provisions relating to this package is a relevant and balanced solution and i thank them accordingly
Remplis cette bouteille d' eau .
the duty - free system for example distorts competition between modes of transport and so on
Ce sont donc les propres promesses que la Chine a faites auprès des Nations unies et c' est à celles - ci que nous devrions faire référence .
i buried some of our new vehicle engines i buried it to save it
in my view only competition between economic policy objectives will in the end also lead to local conditions within the european union that against the background of general worldwide competition may be further strengthened
it is also regrettable that this debate has taken such a hysterical tone in certain parts of europe fuelled by some of the london - based media in particular
Paradoxalement , depuis de nombreuses années , les Hongrois font croire aux Européens que c' est leur minorité qui est opprimée .
Quoi qu' il en soit , il faut se réjouir que cette initiative ait abouti à une démarche coordinatrice .
financial institutions and insurers can upgrade their operations either through branches on the spot or through cross - border transactions
that makes that debate very important but also requires us to invest energy and time within it
Le premier concerne le renouvellement de la révision quinquennale de l' autorisation de mise sur le marché du médicament , qui n' est toujours pas réglé .
Lors de la conférence de presse du 17 mai , j’ ai déclaré au nom de la délégation que ce scrutin était une étape importante vers la démocratisation en Éthiopie .
we are opposed to the haug report however when it proposes to gradually reduce the system 's dependence on member states contributions and to achieve financial autonomy in the long term
this is why i hope that the new ombudsman will be able to apply past experiences to further improve the positive relationship with european citizens
L' Erika avait été inspecté à quatre reprises au cours des deux dernières années .
following the 1997 crisis there was a consensus that fundamental reform of the global financial architecture were needed
Comme le souligne le rapporteur , les politiques commerciales ne sauraient brutalement ignorer les enjeux que représentent les maladies prioritaires à l' échelle mondiale .
Ma question est : pourquoi revendiquer un attentat manqué ?
Je voudrais également ajouter que nous saluons ce rapport , qui vient renforcer et compléter la communication de la Commission de juin 2010 .
( PL ) Monsieur le Président , je voudrais également féliciter Mme Sârbu pour son excellent rapport , que je considère comme l' un des plus importants de cette législature .
Je le répète , cette situation déplorable dure depuis trop longtemps .
the high representative baroness ashton should instruct the european external action service to actively promote the universal abolition of the death penalty
Nous devrions entendre de nombreux autres citoyens de l' Union prononcer cette phrase , qu' il s' agisse d' énergie solaire , d' énergie éolienne ou d' autre chose .
her muscles bulging in her forehead when she winces like that
Là - bas , il fait chaud tout au long de l' année .
i think that we need to help in other countries to train women to be in political office to figure out how they can in fact develop political voices
Donc vous pouvez imaginez , si vous vous trouviez au milieu d' une réunion ministérielle plutôt tendue , et qu' il avait des centaines d' histoires du genre , vous seriez obligé de vous détendre .
L’ aide américaine semble encore mesquine par comparaison aux montants offerts par des pays qui ne possèdent qu’ une fraction des richesses américaines .
the good new is that the amendment to delete the focus on nuclear safety was defeated
Et la distribution du japonais est totalement différente , où nous voyons un groupe de sons intermédiaires , que l' on appelle le R japonais .
we do not therefore agree with this philosophy
opinion in all the member states and in the candidate countries is between 80 % and 90 % opposed to war
i should also like to say to mr romeva i rueda and mrs figueiredo that they should not worry about maternity protection what they want is provided for in recital 17a
the inspectors there told us - as did mr blix in the united nations - that there were no weapons of mass destruction
Une fille s' approcha du roi à travers la foule .
A mon avis , la procédure parlementaire sur cette question est ainsi close , puisque nous avons rejeté la proposition de la Commission , et nous attendons maintenant qu' elle nous en présente une nouvelle .
actually you know that old philosophical thing if a tree falls in a forest and nobody hears it did it happen remember that old chestnut
nonetheless we did so because we were keen to ensure that the convention could be launched tomorrow
Mes collègues de ce côté de l' hémicycle et moi - même , ainsi que d' autres encore , nous attellerons sans relâche à cette tâche dans les mois à venir .
i accept the point of view of those who say that soft law must be kept within bounds so that the democratic contents of law can not be adulterated
let 's synchronize our watches
MEND et d’ autres groupes locaux exigent que le pays revienne à un « vrai fédéralisme » dans l’ esprit de 1960 , et que 50 % des revenus pétroliers soient reversés aux habitants de la région .
instead of repealing the law overtime work is to become easy and relatively cheap
we also endorse the remarks about the european public prosecutor although i must admit that a minority in my group feels differently about this
what are all the possible ways that we can think of to get everybody in the middle of a musical experience not just listening but making music
Le Commissaire Bangemann est-il prêt à répondre à la question ?
even if it rains i 'll go swimming tomorrow
it must support europeans adjusting to globalisation immigration and the threats to security
Le régime du transit externe a été remanié sur trois points .
the funny thing is that we always claim that we have the best consumer protection in the world
Après tout , même lorsque la Pologne faisait partie à son corps défendant du système de coercition totalitaire , elle s’ est montrée capable de produire certaines forces en son sein .
Quelle drôle d' histoire !
he said that if there is a crisis in the european institutions it is there because there is a lack of strong leadership in europe
Il est plus que temps de mettre un terme aux derniers vestiges du rejet légal infligé à une grande partie de notre population .
C' est terrible pour le pays , c' est injuste pour les Portugais et c' est un autre coup porté à la viabilité du grand projet que représente la monnaie unique .
the first is the operation of competition policy
so we will i am sure be able to take these funds out of the reserve by second reading
Et ce que fait l' Épreuve du Marshamallow , c' est qu' elle les aide à identifier les préjugés cachés .
the echo case has subsequently received exhaustive coverage in the media
neither am i
this debate takes place at a time when the union is looking for an enhanced role on the international stage
De nombreux hommes sont dotés de davantage de poitrine que les femmes .
Il m' a répondu : " Eh bien , il y a encore une chose que tu dois trouver . "
let us work together europe and america to defeat the growing threat of terrorism from pakistan and afghanistan that can strike any of our countries streets at any time
the humanitarian catastrophe in gaza obliges us to act conscious that reconciliation and political transformation are possible are necessary are expedient
we also took the view that sex and sexual orientation should be taken into account when looking at the definition of a social group
Les éléments relatifs à l' utilisation des technologies de l' information et de la communication par le Parlement méritent également notre soutien , et notamment les plans visant à permettre une utilisation optimale de ces ressources .
Madame le Président , je dois avant tout présenter ma part - quantitativement modeste - dans ce rapport global .
Troisièmement , parce qu' ils perturberaient l' équilibre des intérêts sur plusieurs points , un équilibre soigneusement mis en place par la proposition initiale .
Il faut du temps pour apprendre à connaître les gens que l' on sert .
yet many believe that america ’s current preponderance in power resources is hegemonic and that it will decline like that of britain before it
also they are both related to the trade negotiations following the launch of these in doha
Les dauphins , des cerveaux assez grands , jouent beaucoup .
the west ’s response has been far more supportive of arabs ’ aspirations but it has also been contradictory and erratic
Madame la Présidente , je voudrais exprimer la profonde inquiétude du groupe socialiste face au phénomène croissant du terrorisme fondamentaliste , non seulement en Inde mais également partout ailleurs .
there are numerous other issues too
( IT ) Madame la Présidente , Madame la Commissaire , Mesdames et Messieurs , à ce point du débat , nous avons pratiquement tout dit et justement , c' est peut - être cela le problème .
( EL ) Monsieur le Président , il semblerait que les gouvernements allemand et français conviennent que l' Union européenne n' a pas besoin de nouvelles institutions .
the international community must act on this issue immediately
Ces gens font des devinettes , ils vont dire des choses du genre : " Pourquoi je ressens de l' électricité ?
Nous devons nous attaquer au problème des conflits juridiques en matière matrimoniale .
Le développement de l' économie est tel que l' on peut raisonnablement espérer que la Slovénie sera bientôt un membre appréciable de notre Union .
Aujourd'hui , le groupe conservateur souhaite manifestement retirer toute référence à l'"implication des forces armées dans les assassinats politiques en question " de la résolution commune .
Et en effet , nous savons à présent pourquoi .
that is why we say that the european union and the united states of america have a different objective
the judgment should not entrap us into continuing to authorise minimum standards alone in future for posted workers
Pour ce qui est du riz et des fruits à coques , les avis se sont clairement répartis en deux groupes : celui des producteurs de ces produits et celui des autres .
it is fair to stress the positive role of the former centre - right coalition slovak government led by its skilful prime minister mikuláš dzurinda
J' ai nagé toute la nuit , et tout le jour suivant , Et la nuit suivante , au crépuscule , encore , BAM !
in addition to that i see a strong need to focus more intensively on the increasing number of homeworkers
Je savais que je n' aurais pas dû le faire , mais je l' ai tout de même fait .
patient mobility is not a matter of dispute
Dans cet arrêt confus et peu motivé n' apparaît aucune référence textuelle ni aucun principe jurisprudentiel clair .
Etant donné la menace nucléaire et les missiles de la Corée du Nord , le terrorisme et les risques qui pèsent sur la stabilité un peu partout dans le monde , les deux pays ont toutes les raisons de poursuivre cet objectif .
ordinarily as the world comes out of a downturn and global interest rates rise at least one or two emerging market countries suffers a spectacular blowup
En outre , la Journée européenne du développement prévue améliorera sans conteste le contenu et les résultats de votre partenariat avec nos pays .
the joint debate on four reports relating to fisheries affairs is closed
Il ne fait aucun doute qu' un conseil d' administration de taille moyenne , nommé suivant un système de rotation parmi les États membres , accélèrera la prise de décisions .
Ils ouvriront ainsi la voie à un accord positif en première lecture avec le Conseil .
L’ Autorité européenne de sécurité des aliments a une responsabilité énorme en termes de gestion des risques .
on 7 and 8 february alone a vietnamese a lebanese asylum seeker and two polish citizens were attacked and very seriously injured in germany and a 17-year - old punk was a victim of racist violence in magdeburg
Parce que nous leur donnons tant d' information , et ils ont le droit de voir vraiment comment nous nous déplaçons , ils sont bien placés pour anticiper ce que nous voudrons faire ensuite .
Pour bénéficier d´un autre avis , nous avons fait appel aux calculs relatifs aux changements climatiques effectués par le Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
En Finlande , notre champion olympique , Tapio Korjus , est désormais à la tête d' un projet d' éducation physique qui vise à promouvoir l' idée selon laquelle une éducation physique saine a un impact sur le bien-être général d' une personne .
Plus de 40 % des plus grandes entreprises cotées à la Bourse de Paris sont dans des mains étrangères .
then they began to offer guidance on reporting in exchange for favors like access to officials
Au vu du maintien du plafond de 1 , 27 % du PNB , on peut se demander si les propositions de la Commission s' avéreront suffisantes pour relever les défis ambitieux détaillés dans le document Agenda 2000 .
we must at long last opt for one levy principle either in the country of residence or the country of employment
Je vais juste faire une promenade .
Certains cherchent encore un bouc émissaire pour les difficultés actuelles .
Voici ce que vous êtes supposées faire .
do n't stop here
Tel est le résultat de l' échec de la politique que notre Union mène vis-à-vis de l' Iran depuis des années .
she resigned on the grounds of ill health
La torture est chose courante .
Je pense que la déclaration de Vienne vient corroborer les actions déjà initiées par la Commission , qui devront être conclues après la Conférence de Lausanne .
Et en fait , ils l' étaient pas . Ils ont réinventé la charité à l' époque .
flexibility and mobility are the bywords of european employment policy and we are relying on employers if possible to carry out the restructuring process in a humane fashion
Le message prioritaire adressé au sommet concerne la nécessité , encore une fois , d’ une déclaration des 25 États membres affirmant qu’ ils soutiennent ce projet commun et qu’ ils veulent également poursuivre le processus de ratification .
furthermore in view of the importance of that agreement and its period in force which will once again be ten or twelve years it became necessary to raise the issue with the commission here in parliament
i nevertheless have a supplementary question on the same lines as the one i originally asked even if competition is to be allowed in those six sectors it is clear that it has been ruled out here
the victory of the fundamentalist hamas in the palestinian elections will have far - reaching consequences for the region some totally unexpected
Grâce à la publicité on crée de nos jours une opinion sociale .
C’ est maintenant qu’ il faut tirer .
i 'm no better at cooking than my mother
for example the planned portion of the wall that reaches the settlement of ariel deep inside the west bank extends 15 kilometers inside palestinian territories
Le jeune ouvrier n' apprend pas à jouer , ou à lire et à écrire ; pire encore , il fume et aux Antilles , il boit du rhum de canne pour tenir car il n' a pas assez à manger .
second these memoirs are usually little more than slabs of self - justification interspersed with lists of famous people met in the course of life at the top
Comme on peut s’ y attendre , les industries polluantes apprécient le système de négoces des émissions .
either they do n't want to or they ca n't
Les domaines visés étaient essentiellement celui des fonds structurels et de la politique agricole .
En effet , la recherche de l' équilibre à moyen terme des budgets nationaux ne pourra avoir que des conséquences positives sur l' emploi .
Dans ce contexte , la réforme du secteur du coton est moins indispensable pour l’ Organisation mondiale du commerce qu’ elle ne l’ est pour la vitalité du milieu rural .
it is not a question as one of you suggested of whether the member states the commission or the european union should take the initiative
mr solana i also wish you every success
it may be in some countries with which he is particularly concerned but in europe and in civilised countries the law is not a protocol formality
Monsieur le Président , ce rapport a obtenu l' approbation d' une grande majorité de la commission des affaires constitutionnelles .
Si vous n' êtes pas avec nous , alors vous êtes contre nous .
this scrutiny has certainly been justified
as the initial accessions draw closer more and clearer information must be provided than has been the case to date
par écrit . - ( NL ) Conscient de la nécessité de dissuader les gens , et en particulier les jeunes de notre société de fumer , je me suis abstenu de voter sur ce rapport .
- Nous soutenons les progrès accomplis par l’ Afghanistan sur la voie de la paix , de la stabilité et de la démocratie à la suite de la chute du régime taliban .
so homo sapiens the first technology - creating species the species that combined a cognitive function with an opposable appendage -- and by the way chimpanzees do n't really have a very good opposable thumb -- so we could actually manipulate our environment with a power grip and fine motor coordination and use our mental models to actually change the world and bring on technology
yes to schengen no to a fortress europe that is the watchword of the report we discussed today
Les voix d' enfants en train de jouer étaient portées par le vent .
Les filles sont contraintes à la prostitution pour cinq dollars la passe .
so if the world ’s poor need educational messages about breastfeeding and nutrition rich nations require a different kind of education
such requirements imposed by the majority in parliament reduce the scope for an active policy of rural development which is badly needed if we are to provide alternative ways for farming families and other country dwellers to earn their living
Quant aux aspects de cette coopération relatifs à la défense , dont nous avons à débattre ici , nous considérons qu' ils sont extérieurs au cadre défini par ce rapport .
Je ne comprends toutefois pas ce qui a motivé l' ajout de certains de ces pays à cette liste .
if you had 100 million people properly spread out then if there 's some garbage you throw it away preferably where you ca n't see it and it will rot
he 's very nice with her
C' est il y a trop longtemps .
however article 31 relates to radiation protection
La coordination , la transparence et l' échange d' informations en amont des événements permettraient d' éviter bien des malentendus et des désaccords .
the 2003 budget will instead be measured against the yardstick of seriousness transparency and honesty
bill gates put it very well when he was traveling through saudi arabia
in writing - hu the european union 's enlargement policy is the best instrument available for preserving stability and the prevailing peace in the western balkans region
that is regrettable
Avec une telle mesure , nous courrions également véritablement le risque de voir l' ensemble du marché des euro - obligations , en particulier les émissions de la City de Londres , émigrer vers des pays tiers .
Elle s' est tournée vers lui et lui a dit : « Ce ne serait pas notre chat ? » Et quand elle l' a regardé , il avait mis un genou à terre et lui présentait la bague .
it has been very easy for the kla to provoke the serbian forces into inappropriate responses in order to win international sympathy
it allows employees to choose a “ sabbatical ” year which could be divided into shorter periods every four or seven years
and i would like it to be ethiopia
it 's grown in my mind and then it 's grown in terms of the whole process that i go through
Nous devons toutefois aller plus loin .
À notre avis , c' est au niveau national que les politiques monétaires et financières sont menées avec le plus d' efficacité .
that is what i will do
-- it was printed in monterey i checked and the story began former vice president al gore announced in nigeria yesterday my wife tipper and i have opened a low - cost family restaurant named shoney 's and we are running it ourselves before i could get back to u.s soil david letterman and jay leno had already started in on -- one of them had me in a big white chef 's hat tipper was saying one more burger with fries
during our presidency i look forward to working with the european social partners through the tripartite social summit in march and in other ways to boost their involvement in achieving the overall lisbon goal
and the idea is you fast forward and good students start failing algebra all of a sudden and start failing calculus all of a sudden despite being smart despite having good teachers
Mais nous savons que ce bébé entrera dans un monde aux prises à de vastes et imprévisibles changements tant d’ ordre environnemental qu’ économique , géopolitique , technologique et démographique .
Dans les pays du sud , la forêt est trop rare et l' on a à combattre les incendies , tandis que dans les pays du nord , elle est presque trop étendue , et c' est le froid qui pose des problèmes .
La Cour des comptes est une institution qui inspecte les recettes et dépenses de l' Union européenne afin de vérifier leur légalité , et qui s' assure de la bonne gestion financière .
i would appreciate it therefore if the president - in - office of the council would actively pursue this matter
independent analysis from anonymous employees on their surveys
the large majority of europeans are opposed to the accession of a non - european country to our union
for my group i say we wish to be represented on equal terms with the americans but at the present point in time we are against a statement from parliament on the matter
Madame le Président , le Kenya n' a pas toujours été le théâtre de troubles et de brutalités .
A mes yeux , c' est très , très important .
En premier lieu , ce programme ambitieux mais aussi absolument vital pour le XXIe siècle se doit de contribuer à la consolidation du système démocratique fondé sur l' État de droit dans tous les pays du bassin méditerranéen , berceau séculaire de l' Europe .
En ce qui concerne la collaboration avec le Tribunal pénal international pour l' ex - Yougoslavie ( CPIY ) , M. Füle nous a fait une description exacte et nuancée de la situation .
Il est dramaturge .
i recently underwent surgery to remove my gall bladder
is there people have wondered a sufficient level of agreement for the resolution to be adopted in the general assembly
Parce que c' est une initiative complémentaire au schéma de la BEI , d' où le marketing , c' est - à - dire la publicité , la communication , axées sur cette initiative .
J' espère en outre que des conflits de procédure ne viendront pas entacher le succès de ce réseau et de cette initiative importante .
Alors , ce qu' un fœtus apprend in - utéro , ce n' est pas " La Flûte Enchantée " de Mozart , mais les réponses à des questions bien plus importantes pour sa survie .
creditor countries like germany would also gain because they would not need to extend vast sums in guarantees to the efsf while still safeguarding their interests within the efsf ’s existing structure
Il n’ y a pas de contradiction inévitable entre les valeurs européennes d’ un côté et ce qu’ on estime être les valeurs asiatiques de l’ autre .
mrs lulling asked me to go through the amendments and i would like to do that
Dans ce cas précis , je pense qu' une gestion du trafic aérien harmonisée de nouvelle génération est indispensable pour soutenir , sur le plan économique et environnemental , la future croissance du trafic aérien dans le ciel européen .
this is therefore true in the case of a country such as bulgaria
En 2001 , au cours de la tristement célèbre épidémie de fièvre aphteuse , 7 millions d' animaux ont été abattus en Grande - Bretagne sous la conduite de l' UE ; la majorité d' entre eux étaient sains .
Nous sommes dans le négatif ce mois - ci . Si nous ne commençons pas à dépenser moins le mois prochain , nos économies seront épuisées .
it took almost 30 years for anyone in the world to crack this problem
L' accord le plus récent , avec l' Égypte , a été adopté lors du Conseil d' association entre l' Union et l' Égypte , le 6 mars .
Nous devrons faire preuve d' imagination , de sensibilité , de bonne volonté et , avant tout , d' honnêteté dans notre démarche politique .
when it tried to exercise that right however obstacles were placed in its way
mathematics the foundation for all science depends on its concise language and logical ordering
Nous débattons d' un rapport sur les femmes et la pauvreté . L' une des principales causes de ce problème réside dans l' inégalité salariale entre les femmes et les hommes .
but it appeared to me that all these years that i 'd been working on exploitation -- exploitation by landlords by moneylenders by traders -- gave me an insight that probably i was also an exploiter because there was no line in my income tax return which showed this income accrued because of the brilliance of the people -- those people who have shared their knowledge and good faith and trust with me -- and nothing ever went back to them
the sitting was suspended at 1.05 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m.
Biologie et médecine ( convention sur la bioéthique )
Il est libre de dépenser son argent .
when i questioned the nonsense of this procedure i was assured that it was required under schengen rules
Le plus grave cependant , c' est que ces demandes ont été effectuées dans le but de ne pas compromettre la continuité des activités du Conseil .
we can not afford not to address these issues
in case of return of goods the price paid by the consumer must be returned within 14 days of their return
but the point is i can respond to people very quickly by saying a short word and having it write out a much longer thing so if somebody sends me a fan letter i 'll say thanks for that
having a small group of members who have access to these highly sensitive documents is however one way of ensuring a certain degree of admittedly limited parliamentary control in this area which thus puts pressure on the council
Monsieur le Président , les interventions dans le domaine culturel ont été longtemps la Cendrillon des Fonds structurels .
Nous devons enfin nous attaquer aux racines de ce problème .
thank you mr von boetticher
we must have the courage to go deeper into certain complex issues which are still to be resolved
Mais prenons le cas de l' Héparine .
Il sera licencié .
Elle donna un coup de brosse rapide à mes chaussures .
it is not always easy to separate right from wrong
what languages are spoken in america
C' est une expérience américaine .
Pour ce qui est de l' Ouzbékistan et , plus largement , de l' Asie centrale , le risque existe de voir l' intérêt des différents pays l' emporter sur nos valeurs communes quand il s' agira d' évaluer les ressources énergétiques de la région .
b5 - 0419/2002 by mr sakellariou mr paasilinna and mr wiersma on behalf of the pse group on sentencing of grigory pasko in russia
Je vais vous donner juste un exemple . Je venais d' avoir mon premier Walkman .
La même répétition .
Ici , j' ai un tas d' autres exemples , tous souffrent du problème du dernier kilomètre .
it 's only effective at close range
the european employment summit needs practical success
unfortunately the fernández - albor report 's biggest weakness is the call for a common deterrent
if we were to receive that reply in advance of friday it would help the issue enormously
because our home is the universe and we are the universe essentially
Malgré deux ans et demi de discussion , les positions des deux camps restent diamétralement opposées .
Monsieur le Président , je suis heureuse d' apporter mon soutien à ce rapport .
so that 's it for now
Lorsque nous parlons d’ argent , nous devrions parler de nouveaux fonds communautaires .
Ainsi , les deux gouvernements portent le même intérêt à la lutte contre le terrorisme . Ils collaborent dans le domaine du contrôle des containers et de la répression du trafic des êtres humains .
but that is precisely why a government - managed mortgage market is dangerous
Et que se passe -t -il ?
L’ Article IV accorde aussi au FMI un mandat de surveillance du ‘ fonctionnement effectif ’ du système monétaire international .
C' est ce tour de passe-passe que ce Parlement n' accepte pas , et c' est pour cela que nous n' avons pas conclu la négociation .
i can not share your cheerfulness ahead of this summit
Pour bien fonctionner , un marché a besoin de liquidités , et il peut s' avérer difficile d' en créer un nouveau avant qu' il ne parvienne à une masse critique .
and since i 'm a big list maker i actually listed them all
Il n' y a rien eu de nouveau , Monsieur Schulz , le Tribunal suprême ne nous a toujours pas renvoyé sa demande par la voie normale , c' est - à - dire par l' intermédiaire de l' autorité gouvernementale espagnole compétente .
C’ est pour cette raison que j’ ai voté contre la position du Parlement européen et que je soutiens la ligne adoptée par la Commission .
a water molecule has two hydrogen atoms and one oxygen atom
we non - attached members therefore reject this report
our draft resolution delivers a clear message
i was invited to dinner
support for the development of educational systems with the assistance of interdisciplinary investment is also strongly justified
i believe that where this is concerned we need an honest appraisal to be carried out
only one of whom had ever seen the plans before
you have to build consensus here or you fail
Cette façon de procéder est donc judicieuse et nous y tenons . Et c' est pourquoi nous soutenons le rapport .
this is the u.k government spend
i think that delbert is crazy
2009 was a good year for the candidate country of the former yugoslav republic of macedonia fyrom
L' imbrication des matières relevant du premier pilier et des moyens considérés comme relevant du troisième pilier est une source de difficultés permanentes .
Comment puis - je parvenir à la bibliothèque ?
this balance is crucial not only to our success in implementing our strategies but also to the eu achieving increased public support and understanding especially prior to expansion
Monsieur le Président , j' ai suivi très attentivement le débat jusqu' à présent et les déclarations de MM . Sterckx et Lannoye m' ont beaucoup intéressé .
M. Fischler , quand les USA disent que les possibilités de contrôle dans l' Union européenne ne seront pas suffisantes , c' est ridicule .
i wanted to see whether olaf would do its job and i have to compliment the olaf investigators on doing a sterling job
it was totally unacceptable that the court of justice of the european union ecj had granted patients the right to travel to another member state but that many member states had not put this judgment into practice
greater responsibility for planning administration execution and funding must be devolved to the regional and local authorities than has hitherto been the case
Le point suivant concerne la déclaration de la Commission sur l' importation de carcasses de volailles .
Beaucoup verraient l' intérêt de cette opération .
Madame le Président , nous sommes saisis d' un rapport qui n' offre aucune difficulté quant au fond .
the camera is actually tracking all your gestures
a fragmentation of the country along ethnic lines is a more probable scenario
Lundi 26 mai , le Conseil " Affaires Générales et Relations Extérieures " organisera un débat sur la situation humanitaire en Birmanie et l' interdiction d' accéder à la zone touchée pour les experts en aide humanitaire et pour les secours .
Est -ce qu' elles se demanderaient qui je fus ?
Si nous regardons maintenant l' impératif économique , il ne s' agit pas seulement de compassion .
La chance lui a souri .
they do this in the light of their individual histories and respective sensibilities and these are not identical
N' oublions pas que , pendant ce temps , nous sommes en train de mettre en place le système de réduction des émissions le plus concret et le plus efficace du monde .
Ce faisant , il est compréhensible que d' aucuns ont des problèmes avec ses propositions , tout comme avec celles de la Commission .
and in fact some insurance companies are already beginning to think along these lines
Et mettre la main sur ça était très difficile et laborieux .
Il serait également cohérent de soutenir que l' élargissement se fera en alternative , au lieu de la complémentarité et de l' interdépendance , à d' autres programmes existants comme , par exemple , ceux prévus pour la Méditerranée ou les pays ACP .
Ensuite vous realisez qu’ il existe des congrès .
Mais quand nous avons vu les tests de qualité -- et il n' y en a pas eu assez pour l' instant , j' encourage vraiment les gens à en faire plus , en comparant Wikipédia aux encyclopédies traditionnelles -- nous gagnons les mains dans les poches .
there 's a whole story being played out here that we 're just now beginning to have some idea of because of this new camera technology
i want to be more than friends
madam president my constituency of south - east england is the fastest - growing wine - producing region in europe
Mais le dernier projet que je voudrais vous présenter vient , à nouveau , d' un jeune designer new yorkais .
the document has one flaw however which is that it only provides an indicative list of priorities and leaves us in the dark as to how much funding these priorities will receive if any
just as the eu and osce need each other in this area the issues of climate protection and energy supply also require enhanced structured cooperation
restricting the freedom of movement of the palestinian leadership does not contribute to fighting terror
anybody want to come with me to antarctica or the arctic i 'll take you let 's go
we are expecting the consultation soon but it needs the commission to keep a very close eye to make sure that londoners are protected
have you called the boss already
Mais ils restent perplexes .
Je vous passe les nombreuses démarches juridiques et beaucoup d' engagement communautaire .
Cependant , j’ émets quelques réserves .
however it is the way in which this support will be given that i wish to discuss
De plus , le droit aux soins de santé est un droit reconnu dans la Charte des droits fondamentaux de l' UE .
i did listen to the debate
Alors est -ce seulement une autre version de ceci ?
Il travaillait pour un richard .
two rows from this table of two billion entries
in the light of the gravity of the facts exposed and the obvious reluctance of the commission to cooperate with the european parliament we must refuse to grant a discharge
Bienvenue au Parlement européen , Monsieur le Président .
the other side of the house also tabled amendments which were adopted almost without exception
this initiative should be fully complemented
it was certainly very tight and we can not allow that to happen in the future
this could only be rational if the seller can hope to establish a monopoly position and extract large profits in the future
J' espère que les réactions aux propositions de la Commission serviront à rétablir une pondération dans ce qui n' a pas été pondéré maintenant et qu' elles nous conduiront à une réforme plus équilibrée tenant compte de toutes les dimensions du problème .
in my view the report which is submitted to us for our scrutiny has not taken legitimate measure of the concerns of professionals in the rail industry
today nearly half of all reservations no longer go through a crs but are made on internet sites or through airline call centres
in this context i am happy to partly accept amendment no 1 taking into account however that scientific investigations are not done by the commission but that the commission relies on results of investigations carried out in the member states
Vous avez demandé à des chefs de gouvernement de téléphoner à des députés .
Nous devrions garder à l' esprit que la politique de l' Union européenne consistant à encourager les étudiants à étudier dans d' autres États membres est excellente .
turkey is committed to nato and its military budget more or less fulfills nato ’s defense - spending criterion of 2 % of gdp
La coopération administrative entre les États membres de l' UE dans le domaine fiscal , qui entre dans mes attributions , est un projet ambitieux .
Sur ce point , le rapport de notre collègue Mme Schörling n' est pas très équilibré .
Premièrement , la question a été transférée à un nouveau commissaire , et deuxièmement , nous avons dû décider s' il fallait poursuivre les travaux entamés ou abandonner le document existant pour repartir d' une feuille blanche .
J' encourage vivement mes collègues de tous les groupes à soutenir cette importante résolution .
Je me battrai pour sauvegarder la plus - value européenne de la politique de cohésion à l' échelon régional .
Il est inacceptable de revenir au statu quo sous prétexte qu' il n' y a pas d' autre solution .
proposals that make it easier for ships from an eu member state to move in and out of community ports thus facilitating the free movement of goods are to be welcomed
Cela passe par le retrait total des territoires occupés , le démantèlement des colonies , le droit au retour des réfugiés .
my whole family is doing well
on 23 june in brussels we set out an essential vision of how we should combat the challenge of globalisation
Il est souvent dit qu' on a peur de ce que l' on ne connaît pas .
the vast majority of the amendments concern drafting points and the legal text itself
apart from joking what do you mean to do
Il ne peut que regarder .
true that proposal contained an appreciably larger number of infrastructures than the current project
À vrai dire , la guerre n' a jamais encore amené de solution pour la population d' Europe .
our proposal must therefore be appreciated within the context of protecting animal welfare guaranteeing a high level of health protection and avoiding legal disputes which would certainly cause problems for everybody concerned
here you see a patent for an arm in 1912
Au lieu de cela , il a demandé des informations à Villanueva , soi - disant pour les utiliser contre les ennemis du gouvernement .
yes putin cares that the elite are keeping their distance from his foreign policy
Nous avons rejeté cette proposition .
the commission can not agree to the other amendments nos 26 and 31 on the monthly reimbursement of storage costs for sugar simply because the proposed reduction is indisputably due to the fall in interest rates
Notre groupe soutient l' ensemble des amendements proposés et particulièrement celui qui prévoit un encadrement des contrôles par des techniciens assermentés .
but the christian democrats are even more hypocritical
in writing - despite the fact that personally i dislike elmar brok because of his inappropriate behaviour and anti - ukrainian rhetoric i think that there should be compelling reasons for the waiver of the immunity
J' ai appris que l' on ne pouvait pas espérer que ces crédits fissent l' objet d' une plus grande attention , en raison , également , du taux d' exécution .
there is not yet a solid research base within africa for africa
unfortunately such injuries happen all too frequently
Ca a pris 10 ans , et en quelques mois , c' était un tel succès qu' ils ont lancé ça dans tout le système McDonald' s à travers le pays .
Les déportations de 1941 ont porté un coup dévastateur à la société civile démocratique .
Elle était extrêmement froide et n' avait plus de pouls .
i also explained our idea of what an ambitious round should amount to
since nafta was signed in december 1992 mexico ’s economy has grown at an average annual rate of barely over 1 % in per capita terms
and some of these animals are probably inspiration for the things you saw in avatar
i am therefore concerned about the constant complaints from various groups concerning the difficulties they face practising their religion in china
- Monsieur le Commissaire , merci pour votre réponse .
it will also incite fears of chaos in our neighbors
Pour y parvenir , le nouvel accord devra inclure une série de garanties visant à garantir le respect de la législation européenne , qui protège les données à caractère personnel des citoyens européens .
now these are things about general culture but i 'm also very much interested in political culture and whether liberty and democracy is appreciated or whether there 's an authoritarian political culture in which the state is supposed to impose things on the citizens
Un an après l’ adhésion à l’ UE , 83 % de la population slovaque émet un avis positif sur cette étape , et aujourd’hui , le parlement slovaque a ratifié le projet de Constitution pour l’ Europe .
so tudor 's embrace of the jews is a conversion of convenience
by the way if this patient then goes and mother phones from an adjacent room -- phones him -- and he picks up the phone and he says wow mom how are you where are you
Monsieur le Président , j' ai demandé la parole sur le procès-verbal .
Il est déjà onze heures . Tu devrais déjà être au lit .
europeans subdued amerindian populations and also brought in massive numbers of slaves from africa especially to the caribbean basin and brazil
Je peux vous garantir qu' il s' agit là d' un terrain d' entente sur lequel nous travaillons tous .
we can not support the attempt to bend the treaty in this way when there is an adequate legal basis elsewhere in the treaty just because a few other procedural regulations concerning the involvement of the european parliament are at issue
madam president president prodi at first sight the white paper might seem tied down to its essentially technical content
a concerted approach to the challenges posed by mental health is very important and should be tackled with the same seriousness as physical health
they robbed me blind
i think we need a radical paradigm shift
Je voudrais mentionner en particulier la préservation de l' accessibilité des personnes handicapées à l' environnement bâti .
En conséquence , si la collectivité paie pour protéger les citoyens lors de matchs de football , il devrait en être de même pour les aéroports , même si ce n’ est que dans une certaine mesure .
Vous répondriez peut - être " Car rien ne s' y trouve pour favoriser la vie . " Mais c' est faux .
when she opened her eyes i was the first person she saw
Le sommet de Lisbonne a confirmé les changements majeurs qui se produisent en Europe , en Afrique et dans le monde .
there exists a strong potential for cross - border trade in on - line commerce
La question que je voudrais adresser au Conseil et à la Commission est la suivante : veillerez - vous à ce qu' aucun financement international ne contribue à alimenter l' effort de guerre russe en Tchétchénie ?
let us hope that our one hundred million euros are not wasted
nonetheless the reduction of these noise or gaseous emissions must be limited to the commendable search for technical solutions that are to everyone 's advantage
it is a very very serious matter
less injustice will increase the safety of us all
i am eager to see what is in your text
Toutefois , selon le règlement , il n' est pas possible de demander un vote séparé pour un amendement de compromis .
i would like to stress again that it was not the intention of the commission to effect a major overhaul of the seveso ii directive
Hier après-midi , un séisme a frappé la province espagnole de Murcie .
Nous avons des intuitions très forte sur toutes sortes de choses -- notre propre capacité , comment marche l' économie , comment nous devrions payer les enseignants .
Je crois que ce que nous avons réussi à réaliser concernant la lutte contre la corruption , peut également être réalisé dans d' autres domaines de la gouvernance défaillante .
Raconte - moi , je suis tout ouïe .
the digital revolution is paving the way towards strikingly new forms of social relationships
fortunately mrs randzio - plath takes account of the social aspects in considering taxation priorities
we need to examine how effective this directive will be in practice and we should also consider whether directive 87/404 on simple pressure vessels could not be incorporated at some later date
Le fait n' a en principe rien d' injustifié en ce qui concerne la prise en charge et les services que ces groupes de personnes doivent recevoir dans les États membres de l' UE .
i have never voted for the left - wing politics in france and i 'm not going to start now
J' en ai un souvenir très net , car elle a rejoint le Parlement européen à la même époque que moi , en 1979 , lorsqu' elle s' est engagée dans la cause de l' Europe et de l' intégration européenne au sein de cette Assemblée .
there should be no doubt about the answer it is clearly in the eu ’s interest to see turkey ’s democracy and economy continue to strengthen
Ces missions d' observation sont - elles importantes ?
L' initiative " Tout , sauf les armes " , Madame Sandbæk , est une action concrète pour laquelle nous avons dû batailler dur sous la présidence complice de notre ami Leif Pagrotsky , afin d' obtenir une majorité qualifiée .
the discriminatory treatment meted out to certain new member states endeavouring to join the euro zone should be cause for concern however
Ils ont exprimé la volonté de faire du pôle « éducation , jeunesse , formation » le premier maillon des actions communes .
Il importe que nous affirmions nos objectifs sans équivoque , en particulier envers la plupart des pays en développement .
the majority of these are subsequently thrown away since should it be necessary electronic versions of the document are available
Bien entendu , cela ne signifie pas que nous en sommes moins inquiets , en particulier parce que le doute subsiste quant à une éventuelle pollution secondaire .
Je m' en réjouis donc .
Vous ne devriez rien manger de froid .
Qui doit avoir la meilleure flûte ?
in japan bowing is common courtesy
moreover these legal problems which may be difficult enough of course conceal the democratic problems
Et dans ce film , nous voyons les choses qu' on imagine là - haut : soucoupes volantes et extraterrestres .
we 're not the first ones to process cellulose
i guess we could make a glow chicken
Ils insistent sur le fait que si nous devions aller même plus loin en Europe , il nous faut le même type d' engagements de la part des autres parties du monde .
Elle était sur le point de l' appeler lorsqu' il entra par la porte .
Pour moi , le comble du cynisme , c' est qu' en l' occurrence , le Vatican autorise la contraception , mais considère l' interruption de grossesse comme un crime .
unfortunately however gore was not successful in carrying the torch on global warming when he was a politician
Ces filets contribuent également à la réduction des stocks de poissons en mer Baltique .
Premièrement , leur gouvernement , mené par le Parti du Congrès , a ravivé les traditions séculaires modérées de Jawaharlal Nehru et fermement replacé l’ Inde au centre de l’ échiquier politique , en écartant les extrémismes communautaristes et idéologiques .
Aujourd'hui plus que jamais , la Chine et Taiwan ont l' occasion d' éviter que dans l' avenir une confrontation ne dégénère et n' attire les USA dans un conflit .
that should be our objective
Je suis très content de ne pas avoir été là .
En cas d’ exportation vers des pays tiers , l’ AIEA applique également des mesures de sauvegarde à l’ égard du pays tiers et vérifie , entre autres , la déclaration concernant la quantité et la composition du matériel avant son expédition .
but see all those different working things
he asked then for a note which we gave him and he was kind enough to judge it as interesting but not relevant
the austrian presidency needs to move the reflection phase on into a period of analysis and take on board mr méndez de vigo ’s excellent idea that there should be a study on the cost of not having a constitution
Nous étions justement sur le point d' y aller .
formulas have to be found that are acceptable to both parties and that naturally also applies to russia in chechnya
Nous exigeons une bonne gestion des pays du tiers-monde et nous sommes incapables de mener une bonne gestion de ce monde lui - même , avec des institutions , des règles , des moyens , un financement , et éventuellement des fiscalités que nous rejetons très facilement .
i 'm sorry that i did n't email you sooner
Mais à mon avis , on a également parlé très clairement du besoin de solidarité .
Face à ce contexte , nous devons mettre toutes nos forces en commun pour qu’ une solution équitable soit trouvée , car nous sommes tous concernés .
( CS ) Monsieur le Président , la détection des flux financiers des réseaux terroristes est un instrument très efficace dans la lutte contre le terrorisme .
2 - to strengthen democratic control - it is regrettable that both the ep and national parliaments have only been partially informed about measures decided on by the council
every day 800 000 litres of crude oil are flowing into the gulf which means over 22 million litres since the disaster began
Si la technologie est là , comme l' a dit Mme Zdravkova , nous devrions nous en servir .
Je dirai d' emblée que l' application du droit communautaire varie beaucoup d' un État membre à l' autre .
Et la ligne de points noirs que vous voyez en arrière-plan , c' est le camp d' où travaillent les physiciens .
in writing - cs i voted to adopt the report by oldřich vlasák on the european urban agenda and its future in cohesion policy
pakistan must be able to focus internally on its future
with these reservations we support the report
mr westendorp y cabeza mentioned the size of the chinese population and market and the importance which this will have in terms of the internal balance of the wto
in writing - i voted in favour of mr hammerstein 's amendment 1 to his own report
Nous devons absolument nous doter d' un plan d' action fonctionnel nous permettant de faire face au risque permanent de catastrophes chimiques , biologiques , radiologiques et nucléaires ( CBRN ) sur le territoire de l' UE .
the old and sick would be killed by euthanasia the rest sterilised and vaccinated
as asian wages rise factory managers are already looking for opportunities to replace employees with robots even in china
Je crois qu' elle donne trop de pouvoir à la Commission .
La Chine a un penchant particulier pour la lutte contre le trafic de drogue , dans la mesure où le Badakhshan , province afghane située à la frontière du Xinjiang , est devenue le lieu de transit principal de l’ opium afghan .
J' aimerais en entendre bien davantage à propos de votre voyage .
that systematically results in a social and environmental disaster
because there is no stronger reference point than people one was at school with
in 1991 the council banned the use of driftnets longer than 2.5 kilometres in all regions except the baltic sea
that does n't mean you should n't be careful
they spread
En votant en faveur de cette résolution , nous aurions reconnu l' existence de cette législation . Sur cette base , nous avons décidé au contraire de ne pas reconnaître ce traité .
La condition pour mon accès était que je devais convaincre les soldats de se porter volontaire .
what stage are we at
Étant donné qu' un nombre croissant de pays attendent de pouvoir adhérer à l' Union européenne , je crains que le pays de Galles n' assiste au transfert de cette aide si nécessaire vers de nouveaux États membres .
Il est difficile de dire si Goodluck Jonathan sera capable de traduire ce soutien sectoriel en votes suffisants lors des primaires du parti et au delà pour préserver la présidence .
otherwise when the tide comes back in mexico will find itself struggling to survive in shark - infested waters
today we 're just going to voyage to a small sampling of some of these special areas just to give you an idea of the flavor of the riches and wonders they do contain
Le premier groupe de défenseurs s' est réuni et je me souviens encore , comme j' étais en formation , j' ai dit : « OK , que faites - vous pour une enquête ? »
sv mr president in the eu member states and institutions and in the western world in general there are serious problems with discrimination against homosexuals bisexuals and transsexuals
Il est parti sans aucune raison .
mr president this question is fundamentally linked to the common european energy debate
Laisse - moi réfléchir une minute !
-- that we 've taken this pop icon and we have just tweaked her a little bit to become an ambassador who can carry the message that being a woman scientist studying treetops is actually a really great thing
i think the most worrying thing is that the commission clearly believes that through rules alone it has solved the many problems that follow hard on the heels of human trafficking
La Physique est ma matière la plus faible .
i would point out however that this is simply reiterating normal budget rules
a new committee on auditing is going to check the auditors approach to fraud
you have never flinched from doing that which you believed to be right and just and decent and on behalf of people who will never have the privilege to meet you may i say thank you
J' ai reçu une demande du groupe du Parti populaire européen ( Démocrates - Chrétiens ) relative à une modification du titre des projets de résolution concernant la liberté d' information en Italie et dans d' autres États membres de l' Union européenne .
the difference now is that unlike the madrid conference after the 1991 american - led gulf war the current effort is coming after a perceived american defeat in iraq
if you look at the document you will see that a break occurs in the text at that point
cnn and bbc have been attacked for their alleged bias in showing the “ human side ” of the protesters and giving insufficient time to the uglier aspects
there can be no democracy without a living parliament
in fact on cctv ’s widely viewed 7 p.m. national newscast not a word on liu was mentioned on the day he received the prize
secondly you want to give your views on the codes of conduct for commissioners and for high level appointments before they are implemented by the new commission
american women improved their game because soccer moms do not heavily rely on husbands to fund their daughters ’ training
ok so i sat them down and i got them glasses of water and after niceties they said do you believe that god loves you with all his heart
arrests torture and murder continue
i can not however agree with criticisms relating to inadequate analysis of the situation in the energy sector in asian countries
Les masses continentales se sont promenés .
Ils ne prennent pas conscience qu' ils sont utilisés comme des pions pour atteindre un objectif politique plus large .
Comme certains d' entre vous l' ont affirmé , aujourd'hui nous sommes effectivement face à un défi réel - parfois une menace - pour l' intégration européenne .
as we are all aware the european transport system will face major challenges over the next few years and they need to be addressed right now
the cat ran away
Lui - même n’ en parlait jamais comme du « projet de traité Spinelli » .
L’ étude alimente le débat sur les avantages du traitement de la fièvre chez les enfants , une question traitée très complètement par Fiona Russel et d’ autres confrères dans le Bulletin de l’ Organisation mondiale pour la santé ( OMS ) .
but even in his wildest dreams lincoln could never have imagined how far his reputation would reach
i believe that it is very important that the provision is interpreted in this way
you will therefore understand that while awaiting strategic impetus from our heads of state or government as president of the competitiveness council i must exercise some caution in what i say
Je voudrais demander expressément que l' on trouve une solution qui est acceptable pour les Lithuaniens et ne les pousse pas dans le camp du " non " .
i think it is important for europhiles to stand up for a europe which is more open to the surrounding world and in which free markets prevail
Il n' y a personne ici qui aimerait avoir ça plutôt que ce qu' on propose Alors , je lui disais : " Tu sais , le premier avion a volé 30 mètres en 1903 ; c' était les frères Wrights .
we can not continue to close our eyes to these problems
Avec quelques ajustements mineurs , la Gauche en Allemagne , en Italie , en Espagne et au Portugal , etc. , est confrontée au même choix d' Hobson .
Selon ces nouvelles mesures , il serait également interdit de fournir des prêts ou des crédits aux entreprises d’ État birmanes .
there is no punishment on apostasy
that not western bluster and sanctions is the way ahead
of course we support the statute
abandon the taiwan independence movement
J' ai lu chaque livre dans la bibliothèque .
the practice was legalised in 1970 by directive 70/524 eec which at the time authorised the use of thirteen antibiotics as additives
Il serait également possible de taxer les marchandises de luxe , dont un grand nombre sont importées , favorisant ainsi l' équité sans pour autant réprimer la croissance .
when i meet you in that moment i 'm no longer a part of your future
Le CEC a pour but de supprimer les barrières qui continuent à empêcher les travailleurs et les étudiants européens désireux de changer d' emploi ou de se rendre dans un autre pays pour y travailler ou étudier .
so we do not want to condemn alcohol as such or lay down new laws
without law we should have to rely on continual negotiation on the balance of power between the member states or else on goodwill in theory only on cooperation and on willingness
Dans la résolution adoptée l' année dernière au sujet de l' interception des communications au niveau mondial , nous attirions fortement l' attention sur l' importance politique de la coopération internationale entre les services de renseignement .
we also call on the united states and in particular the authorities of the state of texas to abolish the death penalty immediately and to sign up to a worldwide moratorium on the execution of death sentences
Il s' agit , en outre , d' une convention internationale .
i think that something needs to be done about this
but suppose you try to measure its surface
Dans ce contexte , je tiens à rappeler que nous avons parcouru un très long chemin depuis 1994 .
in such conditions before being the responsibility of women the choice of abortion is the responsibility of the man with the complicity of the environment in which they live
Nous souhaiterions que ce dernier point fasse l’ objet d’ une discussion distincte sur la base d’ une question orale lors de la période de session de novembre à Strasbourg .
tom was mindful of my warning
( Le procès-verbal est adopté ) Maintenant , conformément à la pratique habituelle , je me donne la parole pour commencer le débat sur l' état de l' Union .
75 % des brevets sont délivrés en anglais , qui est aussi la langue actuellement utilisée dans le monde de la propriété intellectuelle et des brevets .
this very clear political signal from the european parliament made a very substantial contribution to the success of the european employment summit last november in luxembourg
antibiotic resistance is an animal health issue for the european livestock sector especially when treatment failure occurs
i 'm a blogger which probably to a lot of you means different things
Définir un cadre ne signifie évidemment pas uniformiser .
fair and balanced distribution across the regions for the allocation of financing is crucial
he is studying at kyoto university
D’ abord , il n’ est pas clair qui va remplacer les bureaucrates dans les conseils .
Le thème de la nomination des membres du directoire devrait plutôt être adressé aux organes exécutifs , et en particulier au Conseil , dont relève la responsabilité de ces questions .
Dès lors , l' idée que M. Rübig parvient à faire passer dans son avis , une idée plus pragmatique pour ce qui est de l' évaluation coût / efficacité des organisations non gouvernementales est , pour notre groupe , la bienvenue .
Vous faites une rotation autour du centre du cercle , le cercle reste inchangé .
within the overall context of the european union ireland is uniquely dependent upon agriculture it is one of the foundation stones of the irish economy
Il faut que , tous , nous puissions faire preuve d’ un sens des responsabilités et être à la hauteur de la situation extrêmement difficile à laquelle nous sommes confrontés .
any child can answer that
C' est un aspect des choses qui mérite d' être souligné , en particulier en ce qui concerne les trois pays baltes , l' Estonie , la Lettonie et la Lituanie .
this smell disgusts me
Cependant , l' alternative qui vient d' être choisie , à savoir placer les chiens dans des refuges animaliers , n' est pas non plus la solution .
and an interesting thing happened the jacques cousteau shows actually got me very excited about the fact that there was an alien world right here on earth
Pour accélérer cette progression , il nous faut des mécanismes et un contrôle réglementaires efficaces .
good fences make good neighbors so the poet robert frost wrote
En deuxième lieu , je tiens à souligner la nécessité d' intégrer la politique de l' environnement dans la politique économique .
Le Bureau du Parlement y a marqué son accord .
Les investissements de ce genre impliquent des effets positifs pour tous .
- Monsieur le Président , depuis le 1er janvier , des centaines de salariés du textile se sont retrouvés jetés à la rue , des dizaines de PME / PMI ont disparu avec leur savoir - faire .
now eventually one did under the conditions of anonymity they said they would be happy to do this test for us -- so anonymity and 1,500 dollars per seat that we crashed
the cuts to the fisheries agreement to favour the moroccan fishing industry only benefited the main owner of the cephalopod - fishing fleet a family relation of the former minister for external affairs
Il a un vélo .
you have to speak english
Nous estimons que le réseau de valeurs , de règles juridiques , de solidarités , constitutif de nos nations , est le cadre naturel d' un bon exercice de la démocratie .
Ceci me conduit à faire très brièvement , car le rapport de M. Markov et les propos de M. Solbes Mira ont éclairé le Parlement , quatre remarques simples .
Je me lave les mains parce qu' elles sont sales .
why did tom quit his job
john left for france yesterday
Les deux concernent la recherche sur les tissus foetaux .
by 2030 more than 50 % of africa ’s 1.4 billion inhabitants are expected to live in cities
Je suis extrêmement embarrassée que ça ait pris autant de temps pour répondre .
Je te donnerai cet argent .
even if it is true it matters little
in 1956 europe seemed condemned to remain a divided continent
Vous me permettrez de dire qu' un Français comprenant à ce point la situation belge , ce n' est guère courant .
C' est pourquoi , Madame Mouskouri , nous vous remercions vivement de votre rapport qui , j' en suis certain , oeuvrera dans ce sens .
Plus tard nous commencerons , plus nos efforts devront être courageux et solides , et chaque année qui passe rendra les choses plus difficiles encore .
i wonder more and more frequently which planet you come from
let us show our support not with a minute 's silence but with a minute 's applause for peace progress and human rights the legacy left to us all by andrei sakharov
the objectives are certainly noble environment energy the fight against desertification immigration etc we must not however just descend into a disconnected list that would only lead to disappointments on the other side of the mediterranean
never mind the bottle as long as we get drunk
in addition the council expressed a unanimous opinion on this question in its conclusions adopted during the session of 17 june of this year
the number of persons employed is also increasing steadily and will total 87 in 2007
to build a successful country you need a thriving economy and to get that you have to invest in education at every level
Nous souhaitons naturellement tous éviter que l’ Iran devienne une puissance nucléaire .
Promettez - moi de ne pas lui dire !
we will be discussing the second package this week it includes measures which go beyond the current policy of eradicating the problem
La PAC ne peut être monolithique ; elle devrait être mise en œuvre avec souplesse et dans le contexte économique et politique actuel .
ten years ago there were real concerns about launching the new currency
" Et maintenant elle a la gueule de bois . "
( NL ) Monsieur le Président , je voudrais remercier mon collègue M. Lehne de ce qu' il vient de dire , mais je voudrais néanmoins demander que nous ayons , en la circonstance , l' occasion de déposer des amendements et d' en débattre .
Son but est de devenir enseignante .
let him wait
Étant donné l' absence de politique européenne de soutien en faveur du secteur du transport naval , il est peu probable que les niveaux de production reviennent à ceux observés avant la crise actuelle .
La première est la suivante , je l' adresse à Mme la commissaire : quel est le montant et le calendrier du financement du plan hydrologique national de la part de l' Union européenne pour la période 2000 - 2006 ?
C' est pour cela que j' ai précisé que cette Agence doit être soumise aux normes EN 45004 .
europe 's destiny is in an altogether safer pair of hands
En route pour la décharge .
is the european commission of the same mind
En football , une défaite n’ est jamais définitive , mais elle est toujours passionnée .
it is important that relations between montenegro and serbia evolve without serbia attempting to interfere with its neighbour 's development through ethnic serbian parties
Enfin , un nouveau problème , tout récent , se pose , qui vient du Président du Parlement lui - même .
i can therefore give you good news as i believe that greece is on the way to complying with community law
À défaut , nous nous perdrons dans une multitude d' informations qui ne nous donnent pas une image d' ensemble et ne garantissent pas la transparence .
but if you look more closely the plot actually thickens
mr president the liberal group will be voting in favour of the committee 's amendments
Il existe déjà un projet de loi et je suis sûr que la Croatie va l' adopter et appliquer la loi comme il se doit .
are there plans for compiling a programme to disseminate such tried and tested procedures or to establish a forum to debate the challenges which need to be faced
could kennedy have acted even more coolly
i have received a letter today from mr harald rømer the deputy secretary - general in which he explains to me that this decision has been made because an oral reply was given to a similar question from me in february
Les autorités auront toutes les peines du monde à décider qui est concerné par l' affaire , à trouver toutes les ONG concernées - lesquelles , d' après la proposition de la Commission , seront parties prenantes dans tous les cas .
Je pensais que vous étiez sérieuse .
Ils ne voulaient pas permettre aux Israélites de développer et d' obtenir cette dernière .
En raison de ces deux facteurs , notre retard sur les États - Unis n' a cessé de s' accentuer ces dernières années .
Comment se fait - il que le film européen n' attire qu' un public aussi peu nombreux , alors que le nombre des entrées au cinéma est en augmentation ?
when they 're laid out i can pull things to new locations or delete things or just quickly sort a whole pile you know just immediately right
Pour ce qui est de la concurrence déloyale , nous sommes face à une proposition simultanée de la commissaire Kroes .
subjects such as copyright royalties and a european library network are important but here again i feel that they are more a job for the council of europe or unesco
but this is closely linked to a diminishing sense of common identity
Local signifie que 20 % de la population de l' école doit être balinaise .
tom acted the part of a sailor
i tell you the text should be short and simple but without being banal
Cela montre que les prestataires de services postaux peuvent s' adapter à de nouvelles exigences du marché , tout en continuant de fournir leur service postal universel .
indeed the us retains an edge owing to its capacity for innovation its technological advances its entrepreneurial spirit and its indefatigable optimism
par écrit . - L' accord entre l' Europe et les États du Pacifique octroie à la Papouasie - Nouvelle - Guinée une dérogation générale aux règles d' origine pour les produits de la pêche , notamment pour le thon .
C' est un instrument communautaire , mais au sein duquel le pouvoir est exercé de manière intergouvernementale .
Même s' il faut déplorer des retards , liés pour une bonne part aux États membres eux - mêmes , il faut se réjouir de l' utilité de ce fonds , doté d' un montant annuel maximum de un milliard d' euros .
Donc , il y a deux examens , si vous voulez : l' examen au titre de la directive - et c' est mon collègue , M. Papoutsis , qui s' en occupe - et l' examen en tant que problème ou cas concernant une aide d' État .
the school i went to was pretty boring
Tu dois continuer à t' exercer .
i quite understand moreover your concern for greater coherence with the competition policy for which commissioner monti is responsible
Cette proposition a été débattue au Conseil le 2 juin .
i had great difficulty in finding my ticket at the station
La raison principale de ces concessions réside dans la dépendance croissante de l’ UE par rapport à la Russie dans le domaine de l’ énergie .
Personne ne peut résoudre ce problème .
yesterday we spent a great deal of time discussing this issue at a meeting of the bureau
Il semble donc que la Commission ne soit pas au courant du raisonnement de la justice , qui est absolument clair et sans équivoque .
Le traité de Lisbonne crée de meilleures conditions pour une intégration européenne plus ouverte , plus efficace et plus dynamique .
Il propose des objectifs contraignants et est disposé à prendre des mesures à caractère obligatoire pour mettre un terme par exemple à la croissance conjuguée de l' économie et des transports .
we are daydreaming if we expect harmonisation from the structural policies
fi madam president i too wish to thank the rapporteur for a very wellbalanced excellent report
small wonder then that several emerging economies are using capital controls to try to manage the flood
who would put at risk his memory or his mind
D' après certains amendements , le simple fait d' établir une entreprise industrielle est une raison suffisante pour exiger des contrôles et des rapports détaillés .
i want to say on behalf of my group - and i know this was said in the conference of presidents by our representative - that this is absolutely unacceptable
Protégeons nos concitoyens , je ne demande rien de plus .
Mécanisme de règlement des différends relatifs à l' accord euro - méditerranéen établissant une association entre la CE et la Jordanie (
Mais s' il apparaît maintenant que le Commissaire a un problème , je pense que nous accepterons de déplacer le rapport vers la session de juillet étant donné que la session complémentaire de juin est déjà complète .
first of all i applaud the very speedy and accurate work done by parliament 's staff in producing verbatim versions of speeches in this chamber
given europe 's difficulties in the last six months with the iraq war and economic stagnation that is a remarkable tribute to your government
Le premier point concerne la crainte face aux afflux d' immigrants .
J' ai tant d' admiration pour lui .
not a day passes without traffic accidents
Je peux réaffirmer clairement ce que le commissaire Piebalgs a déclaré : pour le moment , aucune des deux parties ne fait preuve de responsabilité , pas même en tant que partenaire responsable de l' Union européenne .
mr andersson 's report demands social convergence that is to say that systems should be increasingly standardised within and throughout the eu
so what we 're experiencing is something called shifting baselines
Cependant , l' enquête de la société Deloitte & Touche révèle un certain nombre de lacunes graves à éliminer .
we must now come together again and move forward if possible i have not forgotten the saint - malo summit which some people try to pretend never happened
C' est pourquoi il importe avant tout de garantir un contrôle efficace destiné à empêcher que des conglomérats financiers n' utilisent le même capital pour se consolider en plusieurs endroits différents .
Le problème est qu’ en 2010 , le système bancaire parallèle affichait le même volume qu’ avant l’ effondrement du marché de 2007 , tandis que la taille du système bancaire international réglementé n' avait progressé que de 18 % depuis 2007 .
Mais c' est ce qui importe .
i believe that consumers should be informed about the social conditions under which a textile product has been manufactured in order to give them greater responsibility for the working conditions of workers in the textile industry
Le silence d' Eban au cours des dernières années n' était pas seulement suscité par sa désillusion envers la politique israélienne ni par sa santé déclinante .
J' adore cette force , je ne veux pas la voir partir , en plus des armes nucléaires , ça élimine les grosses guerres .
i drank a glass of milk this morning
i would like to thank the members of the committee on budgets for giving their unanimous support to the proposal
J' en arrive moi aussi à la conclusion , cependant , que nous devons concentrer nos actions sur des produits et des secteurs particuliers .
bill put aside a hundred dollars for his trip
i 'm finished with you
Au cours des dix dernières années , la CONAIE s' est trouvée à la tête des manifestations contre la mondialisation , l' extraction des ressources naturelles et les politiques agricoles orientées vers l' exportation .
Aujourd’hui , Madame la Commissaire , nous sommes tous anxieux de savoir comment vous vous proposez de régler les problèmes posés par le vin .
so i 've tried to figure out a good design process to come up with a new term to replace global warming
mr president i thank you for that excellent discipline you have imposed
Et il y a ce grand brouhaha .
the more we steam headlong into the future the more we amalgamate the data and detritus of the past and place it irrevocably into the present
he left the water running
it is not merely a question of having to make a few economic adjustments but of turkey and the eu being two widely different civilisations whose values are incompatible
the gulf is not between certain european countries and the rest of europe
Quelqu' un s' est - il dit pendant que je jouais , " Pourquoi utilise - t - il autant d' impulsions ? "
Nous ne devrions pas non plus faire comme si le marché intérieur se fera sans problème en fixant de très longs délais de transition , délais qui n' avaient pas posé de réels problèmes dans les années quatre-vingt .
conflicts like that have often arisen in the european union but i do not know of anyone going to court to resolve them
Le vote aura lieu demain à 12 heures .
in general export refunds are completely unjustifiable
Toutefois , il ne s' agit pas d' imposer mais de convaincre et de consentir aux efforts qui permettront de parvenir à des décisions équilibrées et porteuses d' avenir .
Mais si on y réfléchit , je dirais que dans les 25 dernières années , de toutes les inventions ou innovations qu’ a connues ce pays , la plus importante , quant à l’ impact sur le bien-être des gens qui vivent dans les cités , ça a été le crack .
you really do n't have the right priorities
i tried to sandwich it in between talking too much in church wishing harm to others being mean to my sisters
i would like to draw attention to the suggestions of the committee on agriculture and rural development which are contained in my report
it was very painful
recent appointments to head the imf have all been pushed through after high - level bargaining among european governments
Et si nous ne créons pas un mouvement de santé personnel , quelque chose que nous avons tous l' intention de réformer , alors nous allons droit dans le mur .
Plus précisément , je voudrais attirer votre attention sur les possibilités d' octroyer une aide à ceux qui luttent contre les réseaux Internet à caractère pédophile et les réseaux proposant de jeunes prostituées .
La question de savoir si des individus peuvent réprimer puis recouvrer des souvenirs d' abus sexuels traumatiques a été particulièrement litigieuse .
mr sassoli you raised the issue of inadmissibility under rule 147 of the rules of procedure
it was unanimously agreed that this financial instrument fails to meet expectations in the area of environmental protection
everybody 's having a good time
Une dose sensiblement inférieure de cet additif est autorisée , ainsi que l' a fait remarquer M. Paul Lannoye à très juste titre .
Le droit humanitaire international et le droit de la guerre ont clairement été violés par les deux parties durant ce conflit .
unfortunately the green group is not represented in the bureau
Le Parlement européen devrait et doit être impliqué dans ces " procédures internationales " , en amont et en aval .
we go back to walter reed
Servez - vous du gâteau !
Si vous aviez lâché une bombe dans cette pièce , vous auriez détruit tout l' argent de Pennsylvanie parce qu' ils étaient tous assis là
De ce point de vue , nous aimerions savoir ce qu' entend exactement la Commission par le vocable souvent utilisé de licence collective .
i would like to tell the honourable member that i have two inspectors out of forty - six
free movement of doctors and mutual recognition of qualifications
the point he is making is that one tries to raise everybody 's position upward rather than trying to create a downward movement
Nous avons besoin de gens dans nos organisations qui savent ce que c' est que de travailler avec des données importantes .
Cette restructuration a été précédée d' une période où l' industrie navale s' est vu attribuer des aides nationales importantes , afin de renforcer la position nationale face à la concurrence des autres pays .
i note the point she makes about a pre - accession programme which could have been a useful idea
Et ce ne sera pas la dernière fois .
she went to paris to study music
Aujourd'hui , il y a pas mal de gens -- Ahmadinejad , par exemple -- qui voudrait , non seulement construire une bombe , mais aussi la tester .
Nous voici donc au terme des discours selon la procédure consistant à donner la parole sans une liste préétablie d' orateurs .
there is some uncertainty on this point because of the degree to which amendments nos 12 13 and 46 may be open to interpretation particularly as regards the future collective form which the new services will take
D' une part , la concurrence sans distorsion , des prix réajustés , comme on dit , sont encouragés , d' autre part , des mesures de soutien en faveur des énergies renouvelables sont exigées .
Nous parlons souvent de droits humains universels , mais je ne suis pas certain que notre conception européenne de ces droits puisse s’ appliquer dans tous les pays du monde et dans tous les contextes culturels .
by covering postgraduate education this erasmus mundus programme will be a very useful addition to the existing erasmus programme which as you know promotes respect and intercultural understanding as well as dialogue between our different peoples
others especially those related to transparency were raised by stakeholders and experts with whom i had informal discussions in july last year
Comment conserver ce qui constitue notre identité au niveau local et régional et le meilleur de ce qui nous est familier tout en épousant les changements qui améliorent la vie de la majorité ?
Nous vous remercions pour les progrès que vous avez réalisés jusqu’ à présent en matière de consultation .
J’ espère qu’ il confirmera mes dires , sinon , je devrai en conclure que la valeur de ce programme est moindre que je ne l’ imaginais .
what is it you want to tell to us
olaf has designated eight experts from its area to examine the document
fortunately thanks to pressure from various parties this has been possible and we must be pleased about it
there has never been such a phase
Je dirais que la mise en œuvre d' une gestion durable des forêts est vitale pour la conservation de la biodiversité en Europe .
mr president i think that in the past few days we can finally say that the spirit of munich is not quite so heavy in the air in this house
therefore we must be clear
can the dentist see me today
the belief seems to be that these genuine values - democracy and the rule of law - can be acquired for the dkk 2 000 million which the commission has just allocated to strengthen the legitimacy of the european institutions
( DE ) Madame la Présidente , Monsieur le Commissaire , la mission première de l' euro a été pleinement accomplie .
Merci de ne pas quitter .
Dès lors , les résultats de la Conférence intergouvernementale doivent être à la hauteur des exigences du Parlement européen .
the commission can not accept several other amendments which in our opinion are not sufficiently clear and could give rise to confusion or incorrect interpretations
Madame la Présidente , Monsieur le Président de la Commission , Messieurs les Députés , j' ai lu et relu le document de la Commission relatif aux objectifs stratégiques pour la durée de son mandat .
La Commission d' enquête sur la crise financière , présidée par Phil Angelides , a produit un rapport sur la crise - en fait , trois rapports .
Je rappelle que plus d' un quart des États membres de l' Union européenne continuent de couvrir leurs besoins en énergie en utilisant le charbon comme principale source .
C' est ce pour quoi nous avons été élus et c' est ce qu' attend de nous la population .
the fundamental human right of confidentiality as far as mail is concerned is being jeopardised for example through criminal activity and inquiries carried out using email systems
Pour finir , j' aimerais dire que j' adhère totalement à ce que le commissaire Verheugen a dit dans son dernier discours , et je n' ajouterai rien à cela .
Comme vous le savez , l' initiative en la matière revient aux États membres .
Nous devons trouver une solution commune , car les jeunes doivent être considérés comme une ressource précieuse et essentielle qui doit être mobilisée pour réaliser les objectifs économiques et sociaux , particulièrement dans une société vieillissante .
you know there might be a couple of views of wikileaks and of julian
we have worked incredibly hard with the commission in order to press on with the enlargement negotiations
Et pour le tester au laboratoire il faut la minimiser .
something is being kept quiet here and there is the risk of speculators being bailed out once again to the tune of many millions at taxpayers expense at the end of the parliamentary term
Si bien qu' à la vérité cet enjeu bloquera de manière croissante l' un des projets essentiels de l' Union européenne , à savoir celui de l' adhésion de nouveaux pays .
Nous avons dès lors besoin d' un processus d' Oslo solide , sur la base duquel les États , les ONG , la Croix - Rouge et les organisations internationales peuvent élaborer et mettre en œuvre un agenda ambitieux .
mr president we shall vote in favour of this resolution in spite of all the criticism that can be directed at it
On est en train de parler du problème en ce moment .
forty elected representatives of the palestinian people including the speaker are in jail as are 300 children under the age of 18 including children as young as 12 years of age
on top of all this taiwan ’s 22 million people go about their daily business knowing that thousands of chinese missiles are ready to be launched at them at a moment ’s notice
the request has been supported by the majority so in accordance with mr ferreira 's proposal voting will take place this week
economic growth is the cornerstone of development in developing countries whether we are dealing with climate change or guaranteeing good education
J' y ai trouvé de nombreux échos de nos réflexions et de nos actions .
second small adjustments need to be made to the amounts relating to budget lines b2 - 517 b3 - 4003 b7 - 6201 and b7 - 6211 and i will give you the details when we reach the vote on those lines
you 're going the wrong way
De même , l' initiative " Pour une retraite décente " revêt une importance exceptionnelle .
in the event there is absolutely no serious and persistent breach in austria
Quelle est la portée du vote négatif aux Pays - Bas et en France ?
therefore it was of the essence that this commission should deal with this issue because as i have said it goes with his proposal
Le véritable prix compétitif d’ un produit , d’ une marchandise ou d’ un service est celui qui inclut les dommages causés à l’ environnement .
A cet effet , le projet qui a permis de rendre ceci possible est une série d' expositions qui commencent toutes par un F , " Freestyle " , " Fréquence " , et " Flot " et qui ont permis de découvrir et de désigner , les jeunes artistes noirs du moment qui , j' en suis sûre , vont continuer d' oeuvrer dans les prochaines années .
Mais cette hausse des coûts de la main - d’ œuvre allemande est , en fait , précisément ce dont l’ Europe a besoin pour accélérer son rééquilibrage , car elle aidera à réaligner les positions concurrentielles des économies au nord et au sud de l’ Europe .
Cet amendement , ainsi que la dernière partie de l' amendement 56 , limite également la manière dont nous dépensons le budget du programme .
in conclusion as a representative of the border region i want to pledge myself to assisting the peace process in a positive and practical way
Il en résulte que les postes néerlandaises sont très vulnérables aux prises de contrôle avec de l' argent gagné dans un monopole .
Les cinq candidats , qui ont tous travaillé dans le cabinet de Koizumi , débattent activement sur des sujets politiques importants , mais semblent ne proposer aucun changement car ils sont dépourvus du charisme et de l’ audace de Koizumi .
she is very cynical about life
the next item is the joint debate on
En l' absence de M. Simpson , M. El Khadraoui s' exprimera en son nom .
La majorité de ma vie a été une recherche de réponses à ces questions .
consignments of meat destined for the eu market must be certified by an official veterinarian who guarantees that all of the above conditions are fully met
La Commission et les États membres doivent réagir !
i do not understand how the commission can possibly go on with this policy
J' ai voté contre le rapport Mennea , parce que je reste fermement convaincu que le sport , selon le principe de subsidiarité , n' a nullement sa place au Parlement européen .
Il était donc nécessaire de faciliter cette voie .
we have great examples of that unfortunately
this ladies and gentlemen should surprise no one since the great project of enlargement as i said moments ago will be even faster and even wider than we imagined at amsterdam
Posez - le sur la table .
Les nouveaux textes consolidés rédigés par le président de la CP6 , M. Pronk , sont clairs et concis et fournissent une base de qualité pour les négociations de Bonn .
Nous voudrions donc augmenter un peu plus le prix des amendes et nous y travaillerons .
La gestion de l' espace et l' aménagement du territoire doivent être de la compétence de chaque État membre ;
Il sera également important de donner à la Grèce , au Portugal et à l' Irlande - les États membres qui bénéficient déjà d' un délai supplémentaire en vertu de la législation actuelle - une période d' adaptation raisonnable aux nouveaux objectifs .
that seems rather a long way off
almaty is my favorite city
Ce sont là quelques - uns des résultats qui nous font dire aujourd'hui que ce texte est aussi le nôtre , et qui nous encourageront à le défendre au cours des prochains mois .
La réaction de la Banque centrale européenne a été similaire à celle de la Fed , en moins énergique , avec une politique monétaire plus souple que celle à laquelle on aurait pu s' attendre au vu du taux d' inflation global .
somehow 13 billion years ago there was a big bang and you 've heard a little bit about you know the origin of the universe
i can not give you a definite answer today
De nombreux parlementaires ont évoqué la nécessité de moyens d' orientation économique et d' une taxe environnementale .
these successful projects provide sufficient justification for parliament to take up the topic as well and i welcome the commission 's communication on ppps which includes specific proposals drawn up on the basis of public consultation
On l' a installé le mois dernier .
Je veux juste être utile .
and we do it for about 10 percent of the cost that you will need to do those things in the united states
Nous , Européens , semblons envoyer ce message : " voilà ce qui va se passer ; c' est à prendre ou à laisser " .
Et si vous avez un système où les uns sont remplacés par les autres , c' est comme les singes qui tapent à la machine .
the council also rightly supports the newly conceived euronest parliamentary assembly which will encourage the resolution of frozen conflicts such as the nagorno - karabakh and transnistrian disputes
this is your special responsibility this will prove that the newcomers are able not only to follow but also to lead
in writing - the proposed simplifications of the regulations dealing with pharmacologically active substances in foodstuffs of animal origin are to be welcomed and accordingly i supported mrs doyle 's report
Néanmoins , les propositions de ce rapport , comme en première lecture , apportent des améliorations significatives au texte .
last week the foreign affairs council discussed the situation in the middle east and adopted conclusions
Je voudrais souligner l' effort de la commission du règlement afin de clarifier les règles et simplifier les procédures sans oublier l' importance de parvenir à des accords entre les différents groupes .
Pour nous , ce sont les questions absolument essentielles de cette résolution que nous voulons aborder .
a policeman would ask do you know the price sure i do the driver would reply pay the bribe and go on
Monsieur le Président , Monsieur le Commissaire , j' aimerais évoquer trois points .
we simply can not do that ladies and gentlemen
it is very important to monitor the way in which the enlarged european union responds to the demands of our citizens and what they find acceptable on the one hand and the demands of internal security on the other
Le " problème colombien " risque maintenant de déstabiliser les pays voisins : le Panama , le Venezuela , le Brésil , le Pérou et l' Equateur .
your observations on tax avoidance risk will be taken into consideration
on the other hand i am completely opposed to amendment no 6 tabled by mr teverson this would introduce an excessively negative limitation which would prove too much of a burden for subsequent fishing agreements
and they also have to make a living and people need to be fed
the children of drug users often become drug users themselves they too frequently end up in jail or suffer violence or early death
Nous suggérons par ailleurs que ces pensions soient budgétisées pour leur montant exact et non pour les seuls montants payés , qui ne tiennent pas compte des sommes approvisionnées sur les retraites futures .
the report suggests procedures to prevent illegal immigration and aims to involve emerging countries in the comprehensive approach to this problem along with all the countries involved origin transit and destination
Nous , les êtres humains .
LONDRES – La crise en Europe est-elle terminée ?
i would welcome it if the commissioner would confirm very clearly today that the new investment services directive – isd-2 – will not prevent people from using the execution - only services and direct offer products that they find so valuable
we had to balance environmental and economic sustainability
L’ expérience de ce dîner fut inhabituelle , car j’ ai commencé à sentir qu’ aucun d’ entre eux ne m’ était véritablement étranger .
Nos collègues Jarzembowski et Castricum ont fait respectivement une remarque d' appréciation politique et une remarque technique .
Le Parlement et la Commission ont rarement été aussi d' accord sur une question que sur celle de la promotion des énergies renouvelables .
our committee on budgets invited the committees of the national parliaments to an initial exchange of views on this subject last week
on monitoring it is our strong belief that the appropriate institution is the special commission of the hague convention on the protection of children and cooperation in respect of inter - country adoption
i am happy to be able to inform you that we can accept 22 of the 34 amendments tabled by the committee on fisheries and other members
Cette simple déclaration a été la première à être attaquée et supprimée .
Il est inacceptable que les jeunes Lituaniens qui tentent de gérer leur sexualité naissante - un moment déjà assez difficile comme cela - doivent à présent le faire dans une atmosphère d' intolérance et de peur .
Je pense qu' on l' y a encouragé , en particulier par l' inaction des Nations unies .
the problems with having a theory is that your theory may be loaded with cognitive biases so one of the problems of explaining why people believe weird things is that we have things on a simple level
Aujourd'hui , au Parlement européen , nous avons voté sur le rapport Coelho relatif à l' application des dispositions de l' acquis de Schengen en Bulgarie et en Roumanie .
dictators like saddam make their living by selling their oil not by holding it in the ground
Nous sommes contre le clonage reproductif .
it is stated that the contamination arose during a normal manufacturing process a process that also includes the refining of the oil
i really like it too
Je suppose que ce que vous voulez savoir c' est : qu’ arrive - t - il au bateau lorsque je dors ?
i teach at the science leadership academy which is a partnership school between the franklin institute and the school district of philadelphia
En ce qui concerne les paiements , seuls 9,62 % des 347 milliards d' euros de la politique régionale ont été versés aux porteurs de projets .
Ne touchez pas à mes cheveux , surtout .
Mais j' aimerais que vous vous leviez pour rendre hommage à une travailleuse humanitaire , Emma McCune .
Les beaux jours de l' économie conservatrice sont terminés , pour le moment .
Mon moi tourmenté pouvait véritablement se brancher sur un autre moi qui n' était pas le mien .
J' aimerais envoyer une carte de félicitations à Madonna pour la naissance de sa petite fille .
Une politique des données , également , doit être mise en place rapidement .
there is also far too little integration between the national markets
this means among other things that we need to invest more in linking the regions that are lagging behind with the more prosperous ones
Il y a tant à apprendre , encore .
Cela se traduit bien souvent par une épouvantable pagaille .
- mr president i have just a short recommendation to the council
those are a certain number of third countries not the united kingdom who have begun to require carriers to transfer pnr data to them
rapporteur - fr mr president ladies and gentlemen on 26 september of this year the european commission presented its report on romania 's progress towards accession
Et quand bien même , maintenant que la question est examinée par la Cour , elle doit être débattue .
you can see in her case she 's wearing her transducer arrays one of the front of her chest one on the back and then the second pair side - to - side over the liver
Une décision juridique prise dans un État membre doit être automatiquement appliquée dans le reste de l' Union .
L’ inquiétude que suscite le programme nucléaire iranien est donc encore justifiée .
A long terme , cependant , les autorités chinoises ont toutes les raisons de s’ inquiéter : Xinjiang va devenir un problème similaire à celui du Tibet .
a very very beautiful object
we need to figure that out pretty fast
i had to wait twenty minutes for the next bus
you are right mrs ashton that if we want to change the situation in yemen we need both humanitarian and perhaps military action
Je voudrais vous assurer de mon soutien illimité en ce qui concerne les lois , Helms - Burton , d' Amato et d' autres règlements .
let us be frank there is still a big difference between the figures proposed by parliament and those proposed by the council
C' est l' histoire de l' enseignement public et de communautés rurales et de ce que le design peut faire pour améliorer les deux à la fois .
our newest experiment has been hatched by my colleague art aron -- putting people who are reporting that they are still in love in a long - term relationship into the functional mri
J' invite donc la Commission à s' en tenir à la vision du programme de Stockholm lorsqu' elle présentera les propositions spécifiques pour les cinq années à venir .
today is an historic day for the european union and i am delighted and proud to play a small role by voting yes on all the enlargement reports before us
C' est la ressource limitée que nous utilisons lors de notre vie sur terre .
so a new breed of politicians and a new constituency of voters hold the balance of power
Je ne soulignerai jamais assez la nécessité de démocratiser la coordination ouverte et j' invite instamment le Conseil à examiner cette question .
electricity shortages have intensified on yar’adua ’s watch producing blackouts in many areas of the country and darkening the foreign investment climate
Je vais travailler à Osaka l' année prochaine .
Celui - ci s' articule autour de deux thèmes .
two important issues are behind the huge number of casualties namely speed and alcohol
mary is licking an ice cream cone
i thought we 'd be safe here
L' ennemi a lancé une attaque contre nous .
Je ne peux me rallier à cette proposition , parce qu' elle ne peut garantir l' avenir du secteur bovin européen .
Quelle est cette urgence ?
Et voila la question que je veux que chacun de vous se pose chaque jour quand vous tomber sur quelque chose que vous pensez devoir faire . Si ce n’ est pas maintenant , quand ? Et si ce n’ est pas moi , qui ?
yet the enlarged european union is in need of a new commission and of your strong leadership mr barroso
mr brok is absolutely right that this must of course have a legislative basis regardless of whether we are discussing the regulation of the financial markets or environmental and energy policy regulations
La Commission européenne doit avoir recours aux programmes communautaires tels que CARDS pour financer des programmes en faveur du développement , de l’ éducation , de la culture et des programmes pour la jeunesse , au profit de tous les citoyens du Kosovo .
this development of the use of information technology for tourist services requires a consumer and personal data protection framework for electronic bookings
all toys that are on the market have to comply with current legislation
Une remarque cynique , mais elle illustre bien leur frustration avec ce système .
we will take many of the points that have been made this evening into account when we think about how we participate in the work of this body
Nous avons déposé des amendements sur deux points seulement .
En deux semaines – les deux semaines qui ont précédé la sortie de notre article -- ils ont codé une version du Ngram Viewer tout public .
Toutefois , les enfants ne devraient pas être la cause du piège de la pauvreté et la décision consciente d' avoir un foyer et une famille ne devrait pas être punie par une vie d' indigence .
En effet , consommateurs , associations , toutes les personnes que l' environnement , que la santé , que les risques pressentis avec des OGM dispersés dans l' environnement préoccupent , attendaient un signal fort du Parlement européen .
Cette contradiction montre que les intérêts nationaux continuent à prévaloir dans les négociations budgétaires européennes , souvent exploitées par les États membres pour des gains politiques nationaux .
he lived into his 80s and he was buried beneath this monument in 720 ad
Ces types , Grasshopper .
we expect the council to make the difficult compromises needed in good faith and then go back to sell those compromises at home
Donc éventuellement , un peu plus excité que ce qu' il n' y parait .
as i said earlier i expect parliament to be emphatic in specifying how it wants the second pillar to be equipped
Un accès gratuit serait offert à l' ensemble des écoles , collèges et bibliothèques de l' UE .
Nous ne pouvons cependant pas nous réfugier dans l' Union . Nous devons organiser , outre la stabilité monétaire , la stabilité sociale .
it is also wrong to say that a public service is always a monopoly not at all it is controlled by a motley collection of social forces
Je crois que c' est l' utilisation excessive d' Internet en général , celle des jeux vidéo et le nouvel accès à la pornographie .
the secretariat did not know who was doyen d'age the oldest member
gmos are the new challenge facing us
Il y a tout cela et , là - dessus , il n' y a rien .
Nous savons que l' incinération des déchets constitue un domaine très complexe et très technique , mais je crois que le présent rapport représente un travail méritoire .
the commission 's answers to these questions let us remember were not what the european parliament had hoped to hear
( EN ) Monsieur le Président , d' une manière générale , l' argent dépensé au niveau européen devrait apporter une valeur ajoutée évidente aux yeux des citoyens .
but as elected representatives they are obligated to address these crimes
Il semble que la crainte d’ un holocauste nucléaire se soit évanouie avec la guerre froide .
Il importe de mieux définir son rôle dans le cadre de la procédure budgétaire .
they include the need to maintain an adequately funded common agricultural policy for the union
Crois - tu que nos destins soient régis par les étoiles ?
Comme l' a souligné aussi M. Prodi , nous devons tout d' abord veiller à ce que les économies des nouveaux États membres s' intègrent dans celles des États membres actuels .
you can also bike the tour de france without steroids right
En arriver à cette conclusion finale représente une énorme satisfaction pour nous tous .
Sans cette compréhension culturelle qui accompagne la compréhension linguistique , comment diable serons - nous capables de coopérer convenablement et d’ enrichir le contenu de nos programmes éducatifs ?
Homologation des véhicules à hydrogène (
mr president i would like to thank honourable members for the attention they have paid to the annual report and to many other issues still surrounding the fledgling ecb
Et là , ce qui se propage d' une personne à l' autre , ce n' est pas un comportement , mais plutôt une norme .
Et la raison pour laquelle nous avons deux mots , et non pas un seul , est qu' un de ces mots est un mot que le système a tiré d' un livre , sans savoir ce que c' est , et il va vous le montrer .
as the commissioner said it is worth remembering what has already been achieved
of course these measures will not prevent the member states from maintaining or establishing stricter protection measures
Allez !
on the speaker 's saying so the audience burst out into laughter
rules and proposals have to follow the normal way under which you parliamentarians have asked the commission to conduct its work
Ma mère est une artiste , et , enfant , je la voyais souvent donner vie aux toiles d' un coup de pinceau .
the standard explanation is that the universe somehow sprang into existence full of a strange kind of energy -- inflationary energy -- which blew it up
one serious weakness of the second csf for instance is the very low allocation of funding for the greek islands
we read the same papers he reads about the weapons of mass destruction british - developed anthrax and the inflated threats against humanity
Arrivez - vous à lire ça ?
it needs to be emphasised that not all member states will have sufficient resources to purchase vaccines
Nous n' avions pas à nous inquiéter .
the commission has also taken action in response to the problems caused by explosive ordnance
Lorsque ces problèmes découlent de circonstances imprévues , une concurrence accrue entre les compagnies aériennes pourrait , elle aussi , contribuer à une plus grande convivialité pour l' usager .
hopefully common sense will prevail at member state level as it has so far
Il est très important que nous examinions cette question lorsqu' elle sera soulevée devant cette Assemblée .
En ce sens , nous devons nous centrer sur noter rapport avec le Conseil , parce que nous souffrons désormais d' un arriéré dans les problèmes au sujet desquels le Parlement a déjà fait son travail .
he has challenged us to look to the future not just in relation to milk itself but also to milk products and ways in which we can encourage children to drink milk
i welcome parliament 's decision on the application of the principle of equal treatment between women and men for self - employed workers and their spouses as an important part of eu legislation
some progress is being made - the treaty of amsterdam has opened the door
many differences exist in terms of the interpretation of the rules due to the lack of universal agreement on concepts such as industrial waste and hazardous waste
and it was introduced only for the u.s dollars
the shipbuilding industry must prepare itself to survive without aid
are you still mad at me
the us now incarcerates more people than any other country largely as a result of soaring drug convictions with a disproportionate number of african - american and hispanic prisoners
Je terminerai par une observation et une demande à l’ intention du vice-président Barrot , qui je pense est réputé pour accorder une grande attention aux requêtes de ce Parlement .
Je souhaiterais attirer votre attention sur un autre point , concernant la Turquie et la Croatie .
C' est aussi pourquoi nous avons établi des projets de recherche intersectoriels et travaillé très étroitement avec l' industrie , afin de réduire le délai entre la recherche et le développement et l' innovation .
Donc pour résumer , d' une part , lorsqu' un adversaire potentiel annonce qu' il développe une unité de cyberguerre , et bien , on ne sait pas si c' est pour préparer l' attaque ou si c' est pour se défendre , et d' autre part , nous savons que ces armes donnent l' avantage à l' attaque .
Premièrement , nous devrions nous assurer que les exigences imposées à l' industrie sont proportionnelles au risque évalué .
the court has questioned the commission 's dynamic interpretation of eligibility criteria and the court 's view that the interpretation is flawed must be accepted
C’ est pourquoi elle a adopté le 7 mars dernier une série de propositions concernant l’ ouverture du marché des services internationaux de transport de passagers par chemin de fer à partir de 2010 , et concernant aussi les droits des passagers .
my father so appropriately put it that we are certainly the only animal that makes conscious choices that are bad for our survival as a species
it is now a question of the best way to do it
Reporte - toi à la fin pour consulter la table des matières .
En outre , les agences bienfaitrices recrutent souvent les meilleurs talents sur place , leur accordant en général un salaire qui a pour effet de fausser le marché du travail .
Nos principales propositions sont les suivantes :
Nous ne leur demandons pas de réaliser des miracles au Conseil européen spécial .
i had the honour of participating in that process on behalf of the world parliamentary community in my capacity as the then president of the inter - parliamentary union
they know however a chance for making good profits in a rapidly expanding market when they see one
surely we must put vehicle users protection and safety before any economic or political considerations
the council and the commission therefore need to make a greater effort to ensure that the turkish government observes the copenhagen criteria in other words that it promotes human rights and the rule of law
if we do not make the effort now we will have to make it later but it will be more difficult later and it could even be too late
i would ask you to raise this with the bureau
in that case my group requests that we delay the vote until tomorrow so that we can study the implications of this
and over the next five hours she took care of it
because the brain of a person trying to tickle herself anticipates the sensations that will be caused by her fingers – a process performed within the cerebellum – the sensation no longer tickles
more than 100 koran schools have been shut down and many islamic priests have been arrested
À l' heure actuelle , ce genre d' analyse dépasse les capacités de notre Cour des comptes .
we must also give greater support at the community national and international levels to groups working to end this practice
this plan must include among its most important objectives the whole package of issues dealing with immigration and asylum border controls and security as well as the fight against organised crime and terrorism
the search for ways of providing the consumer with adequate information must however be continued beyond today 's agreement and i think that honourable members contributions to this debate have suggested some interesting ways forward
Par exemple , les Balkans occidentaux , la Suisse , la Norvège , l' Islande , Israël et quelques autres sont des pays associés .
Kofi Annan , président du conseil de l’ Alliance pour une révolution verte en Afrique ( AGRA ) , a reconnu cette isolation : « Le petit exploitant fermier moyen nage tout seul .
Les premiers résultats , ceux du scrutin parlementaire , furent sans pitié pour les membres du gouvernement de Kibaki , battus à plates coutures dans leurs circonscriptions locales .
let me underline that one of the benefits of cofinancing is that it would also have a positive impact on the private sector as it would indirectly assist small and medium - sized enterprises
Il ne compte pas se mêler de tes affaires .
madam president mr president commissioner ladies and gentlemen i should like to begin with a point which mr patten emphasised i thought very well the indian question
Je sais que Mme Wallström et Mme Wallis , la vice-présidente du Parlement européen , ont présenté une initiative intéressante et qu' elles nous ont incluses aussi , en tant que femmes du Parlement et de la Commission , dans ce processus .
it is clear that increased levels of restructuring aid are needed to reach the commissions targets
C' est trop fort .
Il est impossible de poursuivre notre travail après 19 heures car le représentant du Conseil a une réunion officielle à 19h05 avec le groupe de contact du Parlement pour discuter du statut des députés .
Nous apprécierions donc que la présidence soit présente à 21 heures , pour qu' elle nous explique ce qui s' est passé au Conseil " agriculture " hier soir concernant le sujet à la base du rapport Papayannakis .
i know nobody who would not rather see a peaceful solution in iraq
however i believe that they have come too late by around 10 - 15 years as gmos are already being used in the production of a very large proportion of our food
Mais le chef charismatique du gouvernement tibétain en exil a clairement dit que son successeur proviendrait du « monde libre » , excluant de ce fait le Tibet occupé par la Chine .
there still continues to exist a ‘ variable geometry ’ capacity for indignation that shocks me to the core
that whole process should lead to the adoption of specific and concrete decisions
in europe significantly higher percentages of muslims believe that suicide bombings are “ often ” or “ sometimes ” justified
Mais le plus souvent , il montre exactement ce que vous devez faire .
the government is currently considering introducing such a card on a national scale - as a service to citizens and to a certain extent of course also to facilitate travel
with particular reference to procedures there is no denying that there is a great disparity in a number of key areas
and in buddhism they catch it in the future life
Cette Convention date de 1951 et avait pour principal objet d' accueillir les réfugiés des dictatures communistes .
kb nicole and
Monsieur le Président , le sujet de notre débat d’ aujourd’ hui est d’ une importance capitale .
Nous célébrons cette semaine la Journée de l' Europe , où nous commémorons la déclaration Schuman , qui a dit de l' Europe qu'"elle se fera par des réalisations concrètes créant d' abord une solidarité de fait " .
BC : On entre dans l' atmosphère martienne .
that is precisely the problem for armchair warriors watching events unfold on their computer and television screens in washington and new york
J' aurais dû passer à ce feu orange . "
De nouveaux problèmes et défis internationaux menacent la paix et la stabilité mondiale .
moreover as you will be aware yushchenko has gone to the supreme court to contest the election results
Le Parlement a émis un avis positif à ce sujet , comme le démontre le rapport de M. Belder ainsi que la résolution adoptée à cet égard .
but industry heavily contests suggestions for change so i fear that there might not be any progress
Mon frère est assez grand pour aller à l' école .
Mais sinon le pièce serait finie , imbécile !
ladies and gentlemen i have spoken of short - term commitments but my commission is already looking further ahead
and we know what 's happened in the past so if we start now and we look at technologies and improvements to the food system long term we might be able to recreate the food system so when i give my next talk and i 'm 60 years old i 'll be able to say that it 's been a success
she is too young to know the truth
autumn is here
nor should we tie our own hands by arguing that it is impossible to negotiate a hundred amendments with the council
Maman de Milo : Oh , tu as mis de la sauce partout sur le sol .
as always allowing complete freedom of information and expression in conjunction with the development of new technologies can make it possible to disseminate illegal material that may affect other rights and freedoms
i hope this idea is not approved and that we are able to avoid the disastrous effects that a possible interruption of the project would have on the expectations of many european citizens
Il me semble que quand la situation dans le pays n' est pas évoquée sur nos écrans de télévision , nous ne nous préoccupons guère de ce qui s' y passe .
Laisse - la partir !
Elle le regarda d' en bas .
tortilla chips are made of 100 % american maize and certainly when our customers asked for guaranteed gm - free identity - preserved maize we had very great difficulty in securing that
J' ai créé un site appelé Treehugger .
Un long chemin reste à parcourir .
the notion of a single set of criteria to evaluate the governance of publicly traded firms worldwide is undoubtedly appealing
Ce sont précisément ces personnes qui ont le plus besoin de notre aide et ce sont précisément elles que nous essayons d' aider de notre mieux .
regular armies are no longer the exclusive threat to countries ’ security
let me also salute the european parliament for its commitment during the igc
i would therefore be interested in hearing your views on these matters
Je suis ouverte à une discussion , peut - être dans le cadre du bilan de santé , sur notre manière d' établir des règles pour l' avenir de nos campagnes de promotion relatives à nos produits agricoles .
the rapporteur may be right in that there is no sufficient evidence for the potential effects of hazardous materials applied
that is why i am very grateful to the spanish presidency which has put the woman question at the top of the priority list
S' il vous plaît , exprimez - vous avec des mots que les citoyens et moi - même puissions comprendre .
i thank commissioner frattini for having adopted a much more global approach to this question which includes the economic and social dimensions associated with migratory movements
2008 ne marquera pas les mémoires pour les actes nobles ou héroïques dont elle aura été témoin .
Ces indices aggravantes des soins médicaux ou les études de santé en Afrique ...
spenser would not tell anyone his surreptitious plan to get back on his friends for pranking him
that 's very bad news for local indigenous people living downstream who are reporting alarmingly high cancer rates
Après plus de quarante années de terrorisme , de violence et de conflit , tous les partis œuvrent désormais ensemble à une paix durable en Irlande .
Il est donc très important de jeter un tel pont , tout comme il est important que le commissaire souhaite faire un effort particulier en la matière .
i would like our parliament to join the italian people in their acknowledgement and on behalf of all of you to communicate our solidarity and friendship to his family at this painful time
in writing - through an organisation i chair in ireland called hope project i have been participating in commission research entitled rescuing disabled people in emergencies
Il convient de simplifier les exigences pour le transport de marchandises dangereuses sans compromettre la sécurité .
Il est , dès lors , très important pour la Commission de garder une perspective globale pour toutes les bases légales qui existent dans le budget .
i can not understand therefore those who are so anxious about this system
moreover she was reprimanded for interviews given to the foreign press during this period
C' est comme ça que je l' aime .
C' est donc avec désespoir que je l' ai vue sombrer dans la guerre et avec soulagement que j' ai accueilli les accords de Pretoria , promesse de paix et de démocratisation dans cette région martyre .
there was unanimity - and i should like to underline this here - on at least two points the first being on checks
M. Salvini a évoqué les régions et la sienne en particulier , mais je voudrais dire ma conviction que le débat que nous commençons ici , comme c' est normal , doit descendre avec vous , dans les régions .
Néanmoins , dans la situation de polarisation actuelle qui domine à Washington , les républicains et les démocrates ne paraissent pas disposer à faire un compromis - en tout cas pas " trop tôt " .
Voilà une photo que j' ai prise alors que je survolais la côte .
Elle a passé son temps à cuisiner tout l' après - midi .
this is not trivial
mr president commissioner ladies and gentlemen i would like to begin by thanking the rapporteur for the good cooperation
Cependant , faire venir l’ aide d’ ailleurs pourrait non seulement être moins efficace mais pourrait également être la cause d’ autres problèmes à long terme .
i therefore hope that the last thing that can happen is that the decisions and the recommendations tabled by parliament on this issue are not taken into consideration
Enfin , nous invitons la Commission à ne pas aller si vite dans des circonstances comme celle d' aujourd ' hui .
please be sure to take one dose three times a day
Elles sont toutes deux bonnes .
Cette façon de procéder foule totalement aux pieds la souveraineté de nos États membres et Washington est allée jusqu’ à admettre qu’ elle n’ acceptait pas nos définitions de la torture .
if so when will it be held and who will participate
Un Département de la Guerre , un Département de Tout le Reste .
Ne rien dire à propos du Nicaragua établit un précédent dangereux pour d’ autres pays d’ Amérique latine .
Et donc je vais vous montrer maintenant comment extraire des histoires secondaires .
the service industries that have absorbed the labor released from manufacturing are a mixed bag
On crée une recette en se basant sur les facteurs que l' on peut contrôler .
the faster we rub our hands together the warmer they get
Elle aurait donné espoir et permis aux arbres plantés pour remplacer ceux gravement touchés par le gel ou la sécheresse de repousser .
the institutionalization of a process of inter - institutional decision making as proposed by mrs randzio - plath and integrating the council commission and the european parliament will give the citizens of europe the guarantee that rigour will be allied with growth and job - creation
mr president we can argue whether a 5 % ratio of fin weight to body weight is appropriate or whether a larger proportion is needed
J’ espère que le fait de comprendre ceci jouera aussi un rôle au Conseil .
so we think a lot about what really makes science work
we urgently need to develop and enhance systems for sharing information among the relevant authorities and setting up joint databases for the registration of new narcotic substances with the help of eu funding
La charge de la preuve appartient en réalité à ceux qui affirment que les chances ne doivent pas être égales ; ils doivent démontrer que leurs solutions sont meilleures .
the eu is caught between principles and economic interests
L' aide privée permet donc déjà de faire quelque chose .
Le Royaume - Uni , les Pays - Bas et l' Irlande voient d' un il méfiant ce qui se passe dans les pays comme l' Allemagne , la France et l' Italie .
Et la Banque centrale européenne a régulièrement démontré qu’ elle entendait soutenir l’ euro .
C' est la bonne nouvelle .
it must annul these and quickly
the next item is the continuation of the joint debate on the following oral questions
Je n' oublierai jamais votre générosité .
i must thank mr perry for his work and yet i am unsure whether or not this directive needs to be revised
Attendez que votre père rentre chez lui .
in the 2010 election the number of british muslim members of the house of commons doubled to 16
Je suis convaincu que M. Schulz sera ravi de vous entendre citer son nom en rapport avec le Saint - Père !
Vous vous souvenez sûrement que , il y a quelques années seulement , Strasbourg a également été la cible d’ un attentat , qui a été déjoué .
i also recall – and with less satisfaction – the low turnout of voters in the european elections
they have to go through their primary one that 's already awkward and then they go through their second self 's adolescence
it 's not your business what they do with them
this not only poses organizational problems but also problems of principle
Cette semaine marque le soixantième anniversaire de la déportation de centaines de milliers de citoyens des États baltes .
Cela signifie que nous nous concentrerons sur les secteurs qui ont le plus besoin d' aide , et élaborerons des projets sur plusieurs années .
mr president the dioxin crisis has demonstrated that consumers want safe food
au nom du groupe Verts / ALE . - Monsieur le Président , je crois que vu la situation actuelle , l' Union européenne doit s' efforcer d' asseoir sa crédibilité quant aux missions d' observation qu' elle envoie dans ces pays .
C' est ce que nous demandons aux Irlandais de faire actuellement .
this is the amendment from the committee on budgets that repeats all of the text that was rejected earlier by split vote
Je suis cependant persuadé de pouvoir compter sur votre soutien lorsque à Barcelone , j' inviterai les États membres à faire progresser avec détermination l' agenda des réformes convenues à Lisbonne conformément aux recommandations du rapport .
Quand l' Union européenne prétend en plus jouer un rôle de leader , vu le présent document , c' est vraiment ridicule .
it is a sad reflection on the state of the eu that it seems unable to agree on the one clear productivity - advancing piece of legislation when improving productivity is held out as a shared goal
she 's always looking at herself in the mirror - what vanity
japan has to import most of its raw materials
ireland for example adopted the equal status act in 2000 and our legislation outlaws direct and indirect discrimination including discrimination on grounds of gender marital status and family status
no one 's watching me
the commission 's only reaction has been to take several subsequent measures aimed at filling in the gaps and appeasing parliament but nothing has been drawn up or thought out and no ideas have been formed
Essayez d' imaginer une lentille de la taille d' un terrain de football .
Oui , pour faire ça en fait -- le chariot lui même est en or .
again i welcome the commissioner 's remarks in his statement
Et , bien sûr , il n’ est plus possible d’ augmenter le nombre de terrains disponibles dans ces villes .
i personally am not involved in negotiations but several people have told me as much
i would like commissioner to make another point
the main point is that if we continue to look at education as if it 's about coming to school to get the information and not about experiential learning empowering student voice and embracing failure we 're missing the mark
mr president i wish sincerely to thank the rapporteur mr belder for a very well written and politically well balanced report
the greens will continue to pay extremely close attention to this matter in order to help equip the union with an ambitious migration policy that is based on the principle of universality and indivisibility of fundamental rights
i am convinced that marital fidelity is a much better means than all kinds of contraceptives
Mais quand vous le secouez , vous avez le point de vue du Pakistan .
Monsieur Cornelissen , je vous remercie .
Veuillez excuser mon arrivée tardive .
let the commission advise the council of ministers on what is necessary in terms of money and manpower with a view to dealing with this more quickly
bg during the 20th century in addition to the totalitarian regimes of communism and nazism there is another fact the atrocious assaults against the human rights of the bulgarian and the armenian people by the ottoman empire
- Monsieur le Président , loin d’ être morte , comme certains l’ affirment , la Constitution est en vie et doit être maintenue en vie , car pour autant que je sache il n’ existe pas d’ alternative plausible .
Le bon sens , une idée rare en loi , mais là , ce n' était que du bon sens . Le bon sens s' y refuse .
Je ne vous en tiens pas pour responsable - vous n' êtes pas à la manœuvre là - dessus - , mais nous aurions sans aucun doute intérêt à adopter une démarche beaucoup plus ordonnée , beaucoup plus commune et beaucoup plus professionnelle .
use of fossil fuels – though much maligned by some – remains absolutely vital for economic development prosperity and our very survival
Gardons - nous , par contre , de vouloir donner à l' euro une dimension mondiale qui flatterait notre vanité mais qui multiplierait nos risques .
our cultural joy our national joy is nowhere to be seen
Et nous pouvons tromper vos attentes de mille et une façons , en jouant sur la représentation , sur la forme , sur la couleur , etc , c' est particulièrement primaire . Une question intéressante à se poser . Pourquoi ces trucs -- on les trouve amusants . Pourquoi devrions nous les trouver amusant ? Voici quelque chose que Lionel a fait il y a pas mal de temps . J' aime beaucoup ce genre de petite truc , comme ça .
Cela devrait avoir pour effet de concentrer le recyclage sur les matériaux pour lesquels il permet d' engranger le plus d' avantages écologiques par rapport aux coûts correspondants .
the rapporteur is right to note that the transatlantic relationship was in fact the keystone of our security as long as it was under threat from the east - west divide
what does this world look like
D' abord , en premier , nous devons apprendre aux médecins l' intérêt de cette information géographique .
new york – over the last two years the majority of countries in the world chose to expand public spending in order to buffer the impact of the global financial crisis on their economies and populations
Cette action est essentiellement pragmatique .
Des facteurs extérieurs , comme les conséquences de l' actuelle crise financière , rendent en général les personnes plus sensibles à ces problèmes .
helen this is my cousin
bg if you get into that situation it 's like if you 've been over - eating and you 're about to have a heart attack then where do you go you may need heart surgery or something
Ils font des erreurs chaque jour -- des erreurs par négligence .
Je ne sais pas si un jour des mots pourront décrire ce moment .
this has been somewhat overlooked in the whole debate although we have already heard about the latest developments
L’ émergence d’ un monde non-polaire pourrait s’ avérer plus négative qu’ autre chose , en rendant plus difficile l’ élaboration de réponses collectives à des défis régionaux et mondiaux urgents . Le nombre de décideurs rend plus difficile la prise de décision .
do n't leave your stuff behind
everything was very good
Si elles sont fortes , l' économie se portera bien ; si elles sont faibles , l' économie se portera mal .
the european union can not solve any of these alone
Mais la règle du parti unique engendre la complaisance , la corruption et la sclérose politique .
other identical examples are still fresh in our memory renault vilvorde the french banking system and the large distribution companies and let us not forget daewoo
Le premier est relatif à la lourdeur des structures mises en place pour assister la Commission .
J' ai personnellement vu M. Pasty mettre une carte au siège 493 situé derrière lui il y a une minute .
M. Meciar était vraiment un dictateur potentiel .
total privatization then a complete break with the state and the local authorities is not a step forward but a step back
On ne peut pas donner des lentilles aux gens tout le temps . "
Je suis obsédé par les emails . J' en reçois beaucoup .
Sur ce plan , notre principal souci sera de trouver des solutions qui assurent efficacité et mise à profit des capacités disponibles dans les États membres et les institutions européennes , en optimisant les moyens et les technologies au niveau européen .
in addition to governments we want other public institutions parliaments as i have already mentioned and also broad sections of civil society their representatives and actors to be involved
J' espère que ces propositions ne seront pas interprétées comme un signe de radicalisme pointu , mais simplement comme le souci d' améliorer la santé des citoyens européens .
Nous avons découvert aujourd'hui que le mois prochain le Parlement européen s' embarquera encore une fois pour sa transhumance mensuelle vers Strasbourg au prix de milliards d' euros pour les contribuables .
La résolution adoptée à l' unanimité par l' assemblée générale du 22 novembre 2002 concerne l' établissement entre les États - Unis et la Fédération de Russie de nouvelles relations stratégiques après l' expiration du traité antimissile ( ABM ) .
in turn this allows unsustainable imbalances to build up leading to an inevitable crash
in writing - my colleague zita gurmai has produced an excellent report and needs to be congratulated on her detailed work and the commitment she has shown
and the problems of the developing world so often stem from the greed of the developed world and everything was joining together and making -- not sense hope lies in sense you said -- it 's making a nonsense
Reconnaissance mutuelle des sanctions pécuniaires
Cette question n' est pas toujours prise suffisamment au sérieux au sein de la commission des budgets du Parlement .
in conclusion i would repeat that we entirely support the oddy report
Après deux jours passés ici , je me déclare stupéfait , et très impressionné , et je sens que vous êtes parmi les grands espoirs -- non seulement du succès américain en science et technologie , mais du monde entier .
one of these is the perspective of consumers and the other is the perspective of companies
capitalism seemed to be dying
Madame le Président , je voudrais commencer par remercier Mmes McKenna , Theorin et Ojala pour leurs interventions , qui ont apporté un peu de lumière dans un débat par ailleurs plutôt sombre et déprimant .
i mean why do n't we talk about well there 's chromosomes and there 's genes
Au nom du profit , on foule au pied les normes universelles des Dix Commandements .
in 1998 120 states voted in favour of such a court - only seven opposed it including the us
as for the subcommittee on human rights tunisia has accepted its creation
Concernant ce qu' a dit M. Watson , je suis d' accord avec lui pour indiquer que ce n' est plus de régulation dont nous avons besoin , mais d' une régulation qui soit mieux adaptée .
we have made some amendments since the last reading
Cependant , cette dérogation doit rester une dérogation et ne pas devenir la règle générale . Je suis d' accord pour que la durée et la fréquence de cette dérogation soient limitées au maximum .
C' est très bien , mais , dans la pratique , on exclut le Parlement européen au profit des parlements nationaux .
Enfin , il faut au Parlement européen plus de transparence et des pouvoirs plus étendus .
En ce sens , le troisième paquet ferroviaire représente un pas dans la bonne direction , même si ce ne sera certainement pas le dernier .
i hope that you can give us some quick and clear promises about this because we are very concerned that this is done quickly
La crise économique a de graves conséquences pour les femmes , qui sont davantage menacées de pauvreté que les hommes .
this is embedded in everything that has to do with agenda 2000 including proposals for policy change institutional change and the whole of the financial framework
Je suppose donc que nous débattrons de ce rapport sous présidence slovène au cours du premier semestre de l' année prochaine .
i love how you think of other people 's needs before your own
Le prix est bas mais la qualité n' est pas très bonne .
Je vais en cours en bus .
christine lagarde managing director of the international monetary fund is a case in point
the european commission is quite right and i too believe that the investment we are resolved to make in the sea could provide an excellent opportunity to use that vast resource in a responsible and competitive manner
the german presidency has also mentioned such a possibility
En particulier , 10 % du budget de ce programme devraient être alloués à la conservation et à la gestion durable des ressources naturelles et 35 % aux infrastructures sociales et sanitaires .
to be sure the profits currently being earned by the leading financial firms are dizzyingly high
La réponse à ce problème ne réside pas dans la suppression pure et simple du système hors taxes , mais dans des propositions visant à gérer plus efficacement de ce type de ventes .
Mais que devient cette amélioration lorsque l' on considère la concrétisation de ces excellents principes , c' est - àdire le montant du huitième Fonds européen de développement et nos engagements sur la dette ?
so we have no means of offering specific emergency aid
be careful what you pretend to be because you are what you pretend to be
Nous sommes confrontés , d' après la Commission , à une question importante et vraiment urgente .
Il est constamment en train de se renouveler et de se rafraîchir .
Monsieur le Président , la Commission souhaite obtenir la décharge pour 1999 , mais il se fait que la décision prise par le Parlement d' ajourner l' octroi de la décharge la première fois a eu des résultats .
À la suite des attentats terroristes aux États - Unis , il y a quelques années , nous avons vu qu’ après avoir franchi une première fois la ligne , il est d’ autant plus facile de la franchir à nouveau .
Elle ne compte en outre en son sein guère plus d' une trentaine de fonctionnaires qui peuvent être employés à des enquêtes .
C' est injuste .
Notre position est très claire .
Tom fait souvent l' école buissonnière .
Et puis il est encore question de l' opinion publique .
i think that we are not that far apart and i am sure that at the end of the day it will be possible to find an acceptable compromise
C' est parce que l' hémisphère nord est la région où se trouve l' ancien bassin océanique .
C' est le principe sous-jacent qui nous a poussés à décider de la sorte .
On y arrivera en les protégeant contre la discrimination et en veillant à ce qu’ elles bénéficient d’ une assistance dans les aéroports de départ , de transit et d’ arrivée , laquelle doit être offerte gratuitement .
Comme mes collègues de l' UDF , j' ai voté en faveur de la résolution soutenant l' initiative de paix au Pays basque , adoptée par le Parlement espagnol .
there is n't anybody in washington lobbying to make it happen -- or in those municipalities to build out their cities with these wireless networks -- because there 's zero ongoing communications cost
and i keep thinking this is going to be the last fish
i would like to reiterate that non - tariff barriers and public procurement are crucial areas for european businesses where japan needs to make significant concessions
however we disagree with some of the details about labelling notably about overly detailed content regarding fibres especially when small and medium - sized enterprises smes are involved because of the costs that could be involved
thirdly the injured parties are entitled to rapid financial compensation
they ca n't hear you
Cela devrait aussi s' appliquer spécifiquement aux importations .
L' Afrique a des opportunités immenses qui ne traversent jamais le tissu de détresse et désespoir que les médias occidentaux présentent généralement à leur audience .
young people by their very nature and mentality are thirsty for mobility knowledge experience involvement in a word what they need is citizenship
criminals are currently the only people who can come and go across europe 's borders at will
victimhood confers a right to complain protest and demand
En effet , quelle alternative réelle propose l' Union européenne ?
miss are there any available rooms for tonight
i do not think anybody could disagree with that
nuclear plants account for more than 30 % of power generation in europe and nuclear power has advantages that are undeniable whatever our political views
egon krenz the communist boss of the german democratic republic called it a “ botch ”
thus 40 % of the gross domestic product in afghanistan resulted from production of and illegal trade in opium involving 2.9 million people in this process
that is an issue that will come under increasing scrutiny
Tu dois être prudent .
we started our media lab sounds like a real great story
Aussi , nous ne comprenons toujours pas ce refus alors que nous constatons qu' il est nécessaire que ces problèmes fassent l' objet d' une plus grande attention .
i must admit that despite loving our friendship i think i 'm also starting to love you
Le commissaire pourrait - il nous éclairer sur ce point ?
La déflation n' est pas en vue .
L' extrémisme violent s' étend au - delà de la région .
it is a very good one and like the rest of my group i will be supporting it tomorrow
Bien sûr , l’ industrie pharmaceutique fera pression avec une grande énergie en faveur des six mois .
it is important to frontier workers that there should be no tampering with the principle that income taxes and welfare contributions are payable in the country of employment
Je suis entièrement pour la possibilité de travailler dans un autre pays de l’ Union européenne , mais une politique d’ immigration caractérisée par l’ ouverture et mise en œuvre entre des pays dont le PIB diffère est de la pure folie .
Des frets extrêmement volatils entrent dans le port et en sortent tous les jours .
Va à l' hôpital .
the vote will be at noon tomorrow
Un chewing - gum s' est collé au talon de ma chaussure .
Toute une série de questions présentent un intérêt commun aux deux parties , et je souhaite également souligner l' intérêt que nos collègues du Parlement indonésien manifestent à l' égard de notre travail .
Cela a induit la seconde tendance : une métamorphose du processus de production .
Cette activité fournit donc des emplois très utiles .
Ils resteront inefficaces , quelles que soient la surface qu' ils occupent .
there may also be another way
Cet état de fait n' entraîne pas seulement un problème d' image mais aussi une perte de temps et d' argent , ce qui est indépendant de notre volonté .
( BG ) Monsieur le Commissaire , le document que le Parlement européen s' apprête à adopter est vraiment très important .
La réalisation de ce programme , comme on l' a fort justement fait remarquer cet après-midi , est une opération complexe .
the election reminded many americans that the us is a country committed to and capable of progress – of moving forward toward an ideal vision
what we do require of member states is that they already start taking accessibility for people with disabilities into consideration in future building and transport design
i understand that the 1999 year against violence against women has been cancelled at the behest of the member states
we proceed to the order of business
the first is that the necessary institutional reforms have not been carried out and we run the risk of converting europe into a huge free trade zone
A terme , les dynamiques de la politique afghane détermineront le destin de l’ Afghanistan .
we stayed there for three months
Deuxièmement , la clarté des dispositions .
do they each report to their own national capital
N' est - il pas vrai que nombre des réduction de dépenses auxquelles vous demandez à ces États membres de procéder ont pour résultat d' affaiblir la protection sociale et d' amoindrir les ressources humaines , dont vous , vous voulez encourager le développement ?
Il est grand temps que la Communauté agisse également .
but that trade should reflect ukraine 's competing with the world unconstrained by a private deal that excludes outsiders and their demands for a stable and predictable legal environment and the best business practices
i also agree with the view that it is important to monitor constantly the technical possibilities in the area of safety with the aim of further increasing the safety of pedestrians and especially cyclists
nevertheless it is time to be more transparent
Il s’ agit là d’ un principe .
it may be difficult to know especially as the fundamentalist hamas now in control of gaza might be encouraged by the rising power of its parent organization in egypt
Si je dispose de temps , je le ferai .
Le blessé israélien a été évacué ; dans la rue , Ahmed est resté , que vous nous avez arraché des mains à peine avions - nous réussi à l' étendre sur une civière de fortune . "
mr president i should like to congratulate the rapporteur on this report
i believe in fact that we can find a fundamental line of agreement on this
Il faut que l' Europe recouvre le sens d' Union européenne et non d' intérêt partisan !
the world trade organization is in my view the appropriate forum in which to raise trading relations with japan
but in our discovery around the world we have all kinds of other methods
we have pointed it out on numerous occasions but have not received any satisfactory answers
and i think the biggest picture of all would take seriously the fact that so much of our verbiage about abstract events is based on a concrete metaphor
teachers need time to talk together
i am looking forward to welcoming commissioner flynn to my constituency in three weeks time to look at how we are currently spending some of the money under these budget lines
En effet , le nationalisme économique est exceptionnellement dynamique en ce moment .
Le comité est formé de huit membres .
the world has been amply warned about blix 's weaknesses because he has a track record of compounded failure
washington dc – china has weathered the great recession well
i know full well that the day - to - day work here is mainly about practical details
he drives a car does n't he
i would first like to make a few more general remarks to place the commission 's proposal in the right context
Je tiens à signaler que le gouvernement grec a signé cette convention .
but the dark side of mao can not be totally expunged
however the conclusions of the barcelona council postponed the debate on the matter for a year
Le fait que l’ Union ait travaillé dans le sens d’ une approche commune à la sécurité des frontières , surtout avec le renforcement de l’ agence de surveillance des frontières Frontex , sera ici d’ une grande aide .
De là , il grimpa directement sur l' écorce jusqu' au sommet de l' arbre .
A l’ avenir , l’ Union européenne et ses Etats membres devraient financer la collaboration entre policiers et communautés de minorités .
it is not good enough
the commission will also present the legal framework for capturing and storing co2 with the necessary guarantees on environmental protection
La tragédie que nous avons déplorée aujourd'hui même montre qu' en Irlande du Nord , où les orangistes n' acceptent pas d' être frustrés de leurs provocations annuelles , les fondamentalistes ne sont pas prêts à marquer le pas .
it 's what the dentist cleans off your teeth every time that you go in for a visit
but in the meantime i invite you to imagine the day when we might journey to the saturnine system and visit the enceladus interplanetary geyser park just because we can
Parce que je pense que la clé pour tirer le meilleur parti d' un choix , c' est d' être sélectif dans nos sélections .
La Grèce et l' Italie ont le même système de taxation , mais le prix du paquet de Marlboro y diffère de 40 % .
C' est là un point qui mérite une attention sérieuse .
Si Saddam trouve refuge dans un pays comme la Biélorussie ou la Libye , il sera sans doute en sécurité aussi longtemps qu' il n' en sortira pas .
and though she had been part of building a liberal party a political party that was focused on diversity and tolerance about three months before the genocide she switched parties and joined the extremist party hutu power and she became the minister of justice under the genocide regime and was known for inciting men to kill faster and stop behaving like women
Donc n' oublions pas que ça a été difficile de construire cela , y compris tout ce que nous avons essayé de faire au Nigéria , et à quoi Dele a fait référence .
Monsieur le Président , je voudrais féliciter le rapporteur pour son rapport qui constitue , à mes yeux , un travail extrêmement important .
Comme dans les cathédrales , les arcs-boutants renforcent la cime et aident l' arbre à perdurer .
however at the end of the day president arafat is still there while unfortunately the palestinian authority itself has been battered to pieces
Mais vérifiez : aujourd'hui , cette solution semble elle aussi impossible , d' autant que la Yougoslavie est tout sauf démocratique .
Ne méritons - nous pas d' être sauvé ? Et moi , je ne le mérite pas ?
it is also insisting that this instrument should include suitable provisions on ammunition
Monsieur le Président , Mesdames , Messieurs , deux thèmes se sont imposés dans l' opinion publique en 1996 : la mondialisation et le modèle européen de société .
Il s' agira alors de poursuivre la discussion sur les questions - clés et de dégager des options de solutions dans ce domaine .
Je pense que cette proposition de règlement nous offre une base solide pour entamer un débat politique et économique avec les pays industrialisés .
admittedly we had a sound resolution yesterday which puts the present commission under the gun
En ce qui concerne la réduction de 40 % des capacités de la flotte , je veux croire que c' est là un moyen d' ouvrir le débat et d' attirer notre attention .
Il nous a menti .
Le compromis qui a été dégagé avec difficulté en conciliation n' a pas tout à fait permis de réaliser cet objectif , mais presque .
i am in favour of this proposal to simplify and liberalise which has been somewhat watered down by the precautionary nature of the amendments tabled by parliament
Des milliers de personnes voulaient connaître la réponse .
the commissioners have discussed these issues in detail and the commission has undertaken to take all possible measures to help the greek government to cope with the social environmental and economic consequences of the fires
J' espère qu' à l' instar de ce qu' elle a fait pour bon nombre des amendements de première lecture , la Commission sera en mesure d' accepter ces amendements .
Nous avons une vision commune : protéger nos enfants .
De qui est cette lettre ?
Que fait la Commission pour empêcher le développement des tendances protectionnistes lors de ses négociations commerciales internationales ?
that is what they really want when they talk about change of title here
Ma dernière question est la suivante : si nous voulons mener une véritable politique structurelle et régionale , il faut relier plus étroitement le besoin d’ aide des entreprises et l’ impact bénéfique régional de cette aide .
Certains critiques pensaient probablement que l' euro ne résisterait pas à l' épreuve , comme M. Lundgren l' a dit .
La seconde préoccupation de la commission des budgets est que , pour l’ heure , une moitié des compensations est mise sur le compte du budget communautaire , tandis que l’ autre est constituée par les États membres .
En l' occurrence , je pense qu' il convient évidemment de les exclure dès lors qu' un jugement a été rendu et que leur culpabilité a été prouvée , mais seulement dans ce cas - là .
american foreign policy should have a general preference for multilateralism but not all forms multilateralism
my group believes that the report as it is before us is still not acceptable
Ma conclusion est qu' il s' agit d' une bonne proposition de directive .
Dans deux domaines clés – la macroéconomie et l’ économie mondiale du développement – le point de vue des pays émergent l’ a emporté .
La présente proposition de résolution relative aux règles du marché pour les indépendants est un exemple frappant de jeu dont les dés sont pipés .
Les obligations nominales ne sont pas bien protégées de l’ inflation , et , à long terme , les actifs susceptibles d’ être encaissés sans contrôle efficace sont une proie facile pour les vautours financiers .
Elles sont englouties par les autres .
you can find this on youtube the gentleman who 's recumbent on a motorcycle while text messaging
mr president i am presenting to this assembly the report on the deliberations of the committee on petitions of the european parliament for the period 14 march 1995 to 11 march 1996
Cela vaut la peine de mentionner deux lignes budgétaires spécifiques à la rubrique 4 : la première , proposée par M. Colon , concerne le tourisme sexuel et mérite une action de notre part ; la seconde concerne la PESC et les mines anti-personnel .
i 'm quite better now
La croissance européenne ne sera pas importante , mais ne subira pas non plus de crise majeure .
why do you love me
mr president i should like to congratulate my esteemed colleague michel rocard on his report
they are a danger to the majority of moderate pakistani people and to nato forces stationed in afghanistan
Quelles ressources la Commission compte-t-elle mettre en œuvre afin de renforcer ces aspects ?
Nous devons miser sur les énergies renouvelables si nous voulons atteindre l' objectif que l' Union s' est assignée à Kyoto .
i ca n't imagine a day without you
i can also ensure that in the joint paper with mr solana we outline our objective of a balanced and sustainable settlement
an amnesty or statute of limitations is not an expression of generosity but in the end would cause a destabilisation of chile 's democratic future
Les opposants de longue date au régime ont eux aussi été surpris .
cry tears are the heart 's petals
Désormais , nous pouvons , dans une certaine mesure , couper l' herbe sous le pied des eurosceptiques en déclarant que les comptes ont été approuvés pour la première fois .
it is always the case and it is one of the problems as we reach the second reading that one knows a good deal more about what the commission will approve than what it will not
joy over the election ’s outcome however should not blind us to its failure to meet a series of ethical benchmarks for democratic choice
you 're not dead yet
ahmet şık nedim şener and others need protection from the arbitrary nature of the justice system
C' est une offre de T - Mobile .
mr president i too wish to thank mr garriga polledo for his extremely competent work on the budget in a difficult situation
Nous pensons que la portée de cette décision va au - delà de la seule question de la protection environnementale .
in the green room of the stadium i met the other flag bearers three athletes and the actresses susan sarandon and sophia loren
these programs develop what the american journalist edward r. murrow once called the crucial “ last three feet ” – face - to - face communications with the enhanced credibility that reciprocity creates
look at mrs jones look at the study tell me what you think they 'll give me that information and we 'll make the care of the patient better
Et entre 2 500 et 3 000 requins ont encore été tués jusqu' en 1985 , souvent par des navires norvégiens .
Il ne fait aucun doute que l' accès aux divers documents du Parlement , du Conseil et de la Commission doit être simplifié .
Aujourd’hui , l’ économie mondiale , en mal de demande , ne peut compter sur l’ un ou l’ autre de ces mécanismes .
Elle était la militante la plus déterminée des droits de la femme qu' il m' ait été donné d' entendre .
C' est pourquoi , Monsieur le Président , je demande formellement que les institutions européennes félicitent ces deux villes pour leur comportement et leur civisme ainsi que pour leur patience face à ces démonstrations de pouvoir coûteuses et non nécessaires .
Or , à maints égards , la directive reflète le modèle de gestion entrepreneuriale en vigueur sur le continent et non au Royaume - Uni .
Ne sois pas stupide .
however i must emphasise as mr liese has said that the competences available to us at european union level in respect of public health issues are quite limited
L’ idéalisme des intellectuels japonais des années 1930 et du début des années 1940 a précipité , en partie , la guerre désastreuse qui a éclaté pour “ libérer ” l’ Asie du joug de l’ impérialisme occidental .
enlargement on this basis will not be possible
Nous avons vu le désastre , au Maroc , où ces personnes ont été envoyées dans le Sahara et on aurait souhaité les laisser mourir de soif sur place , sans eau .
Parfois , je te trouve très intéressant .
at the moment we only pay lip service to this
Et à cela s’ ajoute le coût de tous les inspecteurs des douanes qu’ il faut affecter en sus à cette tâche .
Tout d' abord , il faut appliquer la législation .
Une allocation des fonds pour chaque programme de coopération , qui se fasse sur la base de critères harmonisés , afin d' éviter les calculs de retours financiers que pratiquent certains États membres .
at the moment this activity is partially blocked due to the reluctance of creditors in one member state to grant loans to debtors living in another member state
before talking about the arrangements themselves i think it is useful to give a brief review of the context in which this proposal was born
Merci également aux collègues de cette commission et merci à vous tous de votre attention et de votre vote que j' espère favorable demain .
the british had military bases along new york 's hudson river
he could n't pass the entrance examination
none of this means we should stop worrying about the future
mr president on behalf of the ppe - de group i should like to very much welcome mr wieland and congratulate him on all the work he has done over a long period
my contact lenses make my eyes dry should i use drops
Il y a plus de précipitations .
Je vous remercie tous pour le travail que vous faites .
i do not believe that this system did not work - indeed it worked as it should because the second we were alerted to the situation the information was sent out to everyone
Voilà vraiment ceux pour lesquels nous devons faire preuve de solidarité .
we therefore need to finalize the financial supplement quickly to make it operational and to prevent any interference with the discussion of the fifth framework programme
mr president transparency towards parliament is very often highlighted now that the lisbon treaty is in place
german companies are also investing a lot in the new member states
Par ailleurs , c' est une garantie que l' argent distribué par ces entités sera effectivement authentique .
En tant que représentant de ce qu' on pourrait appeler un " ancien " État membre , il me paraît très important de m' exprimer sur ce qui s' est passé en Estonie et sur la manière dont la Russie traite ce pays .
from the commission 's point of view our conclusion is that this is a good agreement and we want to thank the members of parliament who worked on it - especially mrs frassoni
Même le flux de réfugiés ne se laissera contrôler que si l' anarchie se transforme de nouveau en légalité et en ordre , c' est - à - dire si l' ordre public est rétabli en Albanie .
everybody seems to agree with that
Je vous ai dit qu' il existait une solution en termes pratiques , en particulier si les Espagnols et les Portugais sont disposés à couper la poire en deux lors de la fixation des quotas .
however as commissioner nielson has just explained it seems that this is impossible
Si , dans le cadre de la dernière réforme , nous avions les 45 % de modulation envisagés à un moment , nous aurions à présent une différence de 35 à 55 % .
Dans ce contexte , je salue l' initiative qui vise à étendre les conditions d' éligibilité dans le cadre du Fonds européen de développement régional , qui est un instrument important et vital dans la lutte contre la pauvreté .
this is not an insignificant question particularly insofar as it determines the european parliament having more or less power to act with regard to the final content of the agreements as the rapporteurs have made quite clear
it is money coughed up by you and me and all taxpayers and so it has to be subjected to proper scrutiny
it is encouraging that cooperation within europol can be made more efficient through its being possible to make decisions by means of qualified majority voting and codecision on the part of the european parliament
the sun shines during the day the moon during the night
however in the period ahead it will be essential to reach agreement on as many subjects as possible to boil down to the minimum the number of outstanding questions
C' est à nous qu' il appartient , en tant qu' hommes politiques , de traiter avec les membres du congrès américain .
Personnellement , après le retour du Probo Koala au sein de l' Union européenne , je me suis rendu au port de Paldiski , en Estonie , le 28 septembre , afin d' apporter mon soutien aux enquêtes et d' obtenir les dernières informations disponibles .
Elle travaille en partenariat avec son personnel et encourage l' implication , le partenariat et l' innovation .
Je suis favorable aux propositions du rapporteur visant à élaborer une initiative pour une approche globale du système dans le domaine de la sécurité afin d' assurer la sûreté et la viabilité du transport aérien .
par écrit . - ( DE ) Je n' ai pas voté en faveur de la directive sur les redevances aéroportuaires en seconde lecture , tout comme en première lecture , parce que ce qui est proposé ici entraînera une discrimination inacceptable contre l' aéroport de Luxembourg .
Pendant que nous dansons dans les flammes , qu' est -ce qui vient ensuite ?
Ce règlement oblige nos États membres à fournir absolument tous les chiffres nécessaires . Il apporte également une harmonisation et permet de comparer les statistiques .
when people 's health is at stake economic interests can not be allowed to take precedence
i am however opposed in principle to increasing the budgetary provision in the proposal from ecu 114 million over five years to ecu 130 million which the rapporteur is proposing
mr schulz compared you to the leopard
Est -ce qu' un musée accueille des artistes et leur permet d' être des acteurs facilitant le changement pendant que les communautés se remettent en question ?
Le deuxième point concerne les déclarations nationales .
on the other hand the commission is fully informed of the studies necessary in order to demonstrate the acceptability of particular substances
you go on without me
the reality of our society is that if governments and administrations had their way they would never appoint petitions committees or ombudsmen
the solidarity fund is an instrument of paramount importance to the eu
Ce montant supplémentaire ne se justifie pas , puisque ces ressources additionnelles seront affectées à des formes de politique qui ne peuvent être considérées comme faisant partie des tâches fondamentales de l’ Union .
i have to say that you are right indeed i have not yet mentioned my eldest daughter elisabetta
Bien sûr qu' elle est essentielle tout reste à faire à ce sujet parce que la complexité de l' innovation financière est un élément nouveau qui , jusqu' à présent , n' a pas été pris en compte et auquel on n' a pas fait face .
differencing is another technique we use
Nous avons noté que le problème de l' emploi n' est pas abordé dans l' accord de l' OCDE et qu' il ne l' est pas suffisamment non plus dans l' ensemble des instances internationales .
Définir une stratégie sensée au niveau national , permettre à chaque État membre de fixer des objectifs d' intérêt public , de les réaliser de les coordonner - voilà autant d' actions tout à fait réalisables que nous pouvons entreprendre au niveau communautaire .
Ce montant est-il adéquat pour que l' UE dirige le débat et combatte le sida dans le monde ?
La présence des députés est vérifiée tout au long des votes .
Tu dois faire ce je te dis .
he never told anyone
however sudan is also a state where respect for human rights in general is seriously lacking throughout the country
indeed liam byrne the outgoing labour budget chief left a note to his successor saying “ i ’m afraid there is no money
i also wish to thank you for having taken an initially positive view of the need to create a thematic network with regard to short route navigation which is a very important initiative on the part of amrie
what else could it possibly be if it was n't the pills
Je l’ ai dit dans mon introduction : la Commission examine diverses options .
Le vote aura lieu le 6 avril à 12 heures .
Et j' en suis une preuve vivante .
other exchange rates will respond to these shifts
we are convinced that the main reasons for this poverty and malaise are political caused by the failure to resolve the conflict in transnistria as franz fischler pointed out here last month
while we must support the commitments made by the european union to those countries it is also necessary to find a solution for many countries of europe
how can we somehow issue blank licences to polluters accepting the complete exemption of those who hold licences or respect the current state of the art
Savoir si ses successeurs pourront ressusciter et terminer la mission historique des Palestiniens dépend de la manière dont ils définissent leur objectif .
par écrit . - ( ET ) J' ai voté en faveur de la proposition de résolution visant à soutenir les finances des petites et moyennes entreprises ( PME ) .
i am pleased to see that in amendment 14 along with other vulnerable groups women with disabilities were specifically mentioned as being particularly vulnerable to violence
Rien ne justifie que cet état de fait se poursuive .
Je déclare reprise la session du Parlement européen , qui avait été interrompue le vendredi 19 avril 1996 .
however frightening the global recession a coordinated and coherent response to it by the world ’s political leaders remains highly uncertain at best
J' ai reçu quatre motions de résolution déposées conformément à l' article 103 , paragraphe 2 , du règlement .
J' ai assisté , la semaine dernière , un peu par hasard , à l' aéroport de Roissy , à une scène d' une rare violence où deux jeunes femmes , certes clandestines , étaient reconduites à Conakry .
L’ Union européenne a réaffirmé qu’ elle était résolue à contribuer à tous les volets de l’ application de la feuille de route et a souligné qu’ il importait de mettre sur pied sans attendre un mécanisme de surveillance extérieur crédible et efficace .
C' est pourtant ce qui a , semble -t -il , guidé la majorité des parlementaires européens qui se sont prononcés contre ce texte équilibré .
Pour y parvenir , comme M. Albertini l' indique dans son rapport , nous avons besoin de mesures et d' instruments innovants .
therefore a legal solution at union level is essential
in preparing these guidelines the commission will also evaluate the feasibility of providing for a methodology under which the spf value used to assess the inclusion of any given heat pump is based on average eu climate conditions
it is now up to you to turn them into a legislative proposal
Si nous avons beaucoup parlé de deux États , nous n’ avons jamais défini la forme que devrait prendre l’ État palestinien , quelles devraient être ses frontières .
it is obvious that in the future we must think that only if intervention by the community genuinely respects the subsidiarity principle can we achieve respectability and applicability of the measures emerging from the commission and the council
Ce qui manque également dans le considérant D , c' est , à notre avis , une référence au grand groupe de réfugiés géorgiens originaires d' Abkhazie , qui séjourne jusqu ' à présent sur le territoire de la Géorgie .
Quoi qu’ il en soit , j’ ai été heureux aujourd’hui d’ entendre mentionner Montesquieu , Machiavel et Vasco de Gama lors de notre débat , cela montre que le niveau du débat au Parlement prend de la hauteur .
mt mr president the attacks against the christian community in egypt and other countries should be condemned and it is our duty to react
the council in its common position was strongly opposed to both these points both the inclusion of fire prevention activities and an increase in funding
Pensez - vous sérieusement à démarrer votre propre affaire ?
L' Union n' aurait peut - être pas choisi d' appliquer cette mesure si elle n' y avait été poussée par une crise .
Le programme Odysseus vise à renforcer la coopération pratique entre les personnes chargées de déceler les falsifications de documents , du contrôle aux frontières , des questions de droit d' asile et d' immigration .
Au cours des sessions ministérielles restreintes du Conseil européen informel de printemps , nous avons l' intention de rendre compte des progrès des négociations bilatérales sur l' accord international relatif au changement climatique .
Vous en avez largement profité , les amis !
Pourriez - vous vérifier la pression des pneus ?
Il est crucial de freiner l' immigration illégale et de lutter contre les criminels qui exploitent ces groupes de personnes vulnérables , et en tirent un avantage financier et sous d' autres formes .
how can a swedish president - in - office issue invitations to a debate at the european school in brussels without having a single critical voice on the panel
CAMBRIDGE – Le Japon va tout droit vers une crise de l’ épargne .
On y voit les hauteurs boisées de Washington Heights , jusqu' à Jeffrey' s Hook , là où le pont George Washington se trouve aujourd'hui .
british conservative meps strongly support the objective of improving the natural environment in which we live
we on this side of the house have that will but know it can only be achieved through a rededication to collective and cooperative responsibility which underpins our europe
Des désaccords énormes .
Madame le Président , j' estime très positif le fait que le Parlement prête attention à la situation particulière et aux problèmes que connaissent les zones de montagne de l' UE .
i take note of the novel innovative suggestion of the rapporteur but i do not support it through the back door
C' est Henry Ford qui le premier a eu cette idée vraiment cool .
Cela signifie que nous devons continuer à alléger la charge administrative .
Ce rapport contient toute une série de recommandations concrètes .
the molecule passes through and gets excreted
Ces initiatives incluent de nombreux évènements nationaux et internationaux sur les thèmes de la paix , de la justice et de la solidarité .
advocates of economic liberalization policies cited the success of the rapidly industrializing east asian economies
the eu 's cohesion policy is badly thought out
Troisièmement enfin , le Conseil a échoué , non pas sur le sujet principal qui était le niveau des dépenses budgétaires , mais sur la manière de financer un budget demeuré stable par rapport aux revenus de l’ Union .
but preventing an accuser ’s sexual history from entering into an investigation or prosecution is not the same as providing anonymity
and those who sit and watch it are so accustomed to these performances culturally speaking that they can evidently conceive of nothing else
now a bit of economic history i think may be helpful here
Diverses organisations bénévoles et de jeunesse , en particulier , fournissent un environnement sain en organisant des activités de loisirs ainsi qu' une éducation et une sensibilisation informelle aux questions liées à la santé mentale .
we are fully supportive of the democratic opposition forces in belarus and concur with all the keys points relating to the questionable democratic legitimacy of the new parliament
buffalo bones were made into tools
Ce règlement va permettre une clarification de la législation : le secteur de la chimie est soumis à l' heure actuelle à une quarantaine de directives européennes .
this system which would enable 2 500 lives to be saved each year must quite clearly be promoted by the public authorities of all the countries and demanded by the citizens who are increasingly calling for safer roads
mr president in the spanish version of the resolution on the afghan refugees off the coast of australia there is an error and i am pointing it out so that parliament 's services may correct it
however let me be clear that the only issue is that of when the proposal will be made not whether it will be made
C’ est pourquoi la Commission refuse certaines des considérations sur la nature de cette recherche .
Malheureusement , comme le prouvent les événements de ces dernières années , les accusations sont souvent d' ordre purement politique .
the assurances given to ireland will help my country scotland as well by underlining that there is fiscal independence in europe and that we as an independent member state could nominate a commissioner
La Commission européenne doit enfin entreprendre des actions concrètes visant à engager le gouvernement bulgare à coopérer pour éliminer la pollution radioactive transfrontalière .
Oh , il y a un papillon !
Mais la démocratie requiert davantage que l’ absence de discrimination : elle a besoin de gouvernance .
individuals and businesses pay the majority of their taxes to the federal government in washington rather than to their state or local authorities
A quoi ressemble un endroit banal dans l' univers ?
nevertheless the resources allocated for life+ for the 2007 - 2013 period are not sufficient to meet the environmental challenges of the coming years and we therefore risk jeopardising the positive work that has been achieved thus far
they strengthened the dikes to protect the village against the flood
Les mouches en raffolent .
Les changements climatiques anticipés dans divers scénarios scientifiquement crédibles étayés pourraient ne pas être lents et progressifs , en fonction des mesures prises dans l' intervalle .
Je veux dire que d' abord nous devons reconnaître qu' il y a un problème .
this must lie at the heart of our bilateral relationships
Par l' établissement d' une zone de libre échange entre deux ensembles de niveaux de développement différents , il revêt même un caractère historique .
the fourth alternative for policymakers is to focus on child health initiatives
we should all ask ourselves whether everyone particularly within kosovo itself is interested in the existence of a multi - ethnic kosovo
Au lieu de rester parfaitement immobile , il vibrait . Et la façon dont il vibrait ressemblait à une respiration , un peu comme ça -- comme s' il inspirait et expirait .
i do not think it is out of the question to increase the share that agriculture itself contributes
we are not getting that
Au prix de grands sacrifices , il a ainsi engrangé une réussite absolue dès 2002 .
watch it as it rotates back again and this is a very bright audience all right see if you can stop it from happening even though you know 100 percent it 's true that -- bam you ca n't undo it what does that tell you about yourselves we 're going to do it again no doubt about it see if you can stop it from happening no it 's difficult
after all belarus ’ present plight does not come as a surprise to anyone
i think quite frankly that your measures should be revised with changes to both the figures and the deadlines
various associations but above all individual citizens have watched attentively to see what steps if any parliament will take to prohibit intolerable conditions in the transport of animals
in my report i have also taken account of the opinions of three of our parliament 's intergroups atd quart monde the intergroup on family and protection of childhood and the intergroup on carers
En bas , c' est une femme : très uniforme .
Il importe de poursuivre les efforts afin de résoudre ce problème et de parvenir à un accord .
Il faut ici parler de la pêche au tacaud .
Lors de ma première intervention pour une récidive d' un cancer de la salive en 2006 , je pensais sortir de l' hôpital à temps pour reprendre mon émission de critique de films , ' Ebert et Roper au Cinéma ' .
it is after all the public who have to foot the bill for all this
Même la mort ne peut te sauver de moi .
La situation s’ aggrave encore , car le nombre de personnes touchées augmente .
to return to the cologne summit and the consequences of the german presidency i will make three points
Ce produit est une affaire .
other tensions may erupt without the unifying incentives of power
Nous ne voulons pas que d' autres produits soient autorisés sans qu' il n' y ait eu une procédure spécifique de codécision au préalable .
Il est évident que la manière dont nous utilisons nos ressources naturelles constitue une menace pour les écosystèmes dont dépendent notre qualité de vie et notre prospérité .
so i find myself asking where is music in all of this
steel traps are illegal
and the old one looked like this this is not the future king of england although it looks like it
why is unanimity required in order to begin negotiations with croatia but in order to refrain from beginning them with turkey
Rien de tout ceci n' est vraisemblable , mais ma philosophie est de rechercher ce qui est détectable , pas ce qui est probable .
the european parliament has just proposed increasing the total to ecu 91 750 billion
they were mentioned by the minister
pour rendre hommage et se souvenir .
i never for a moment imagined that my blog would become so popular
mr henderson you may reply but in any case i have told mr camisón asensio that if you do not have the information at the moment i am sure you will send it to him in writing very shortly
we have already managed just under half the reduction
De la même façon , je considère comme inopportun d' avoir établi , par le biais de l' amendement 27 , que les droits administratifs applicables aux licences ne seraient pas basés sur les services proposés , ni sur la couverture géographique offerte par le fournisseur .
Quels sports aimez - vous ?
this is the first chance i have had to speak to the house because your assembly only verified my credentials last monday
this is the procedure
Le choix de ces cinq langues au cours du premier cycle ne devrait pas nuire aux autres langues européennes mais devrait représenter le début d’ un processus , sans exclure , bien évidemment , la possibilité d’ ajouter d’ autres langues au cours des étapes ultérieures .
however funding for the youth programme is not just critical it is paramount
we ask ourselves continually whether the education and training currently offered to european citizens will help them find a job easily
such appeals are often heard but powerful vested interests make it hard for governments to follow through
one of the themes that comes through very strongly in the piece we just watched is this sense of the psychological trauma of the young that have to play this role of being child soldiers
Ce n' est donc pas seulement une question d' intérêts financiers , mais aussi de sécurité au travail , de protection environnementale et de protection de la santé , ainsi que de normes sociales .
Toutefois , la Commission continuera à soutenir des études détaillées quant à la situation économique du secteur .
they benefit from broadband network environments introductions to investors and financial angels and exposure to each other
central american textiles were also caught in a cafta snag
En tant que président en exercice , Chen ne peut pas être mis en examen même si le procureur affirme qu' il détient des preuves de sa culpabilité .
Et sur le terrain de l' OMC et du Codex Alimentarius , le match risque d' être serré .
Comme l' ont déjà dit d' autres députés , je crois que la responsabilité sociale des entreprises est bonne en soi .
La majorité des patients , en particulier ceux qui sont issus de groupes socio-économiques plus faibles , ne veulent pas se faire soigner à l' étranger à cause de la barrière de la langue et de l' absence de soutien familial .
the new georgian and ukrainian governments are going to great lengths to ensure that their countries pursue policies of independence from moscow
the commission remains an essential institution
but we have been here before – in fact for most of human history
and if you do n't understand that in your mental model of this stuff what happens inside of a cell seems completely mysterious and fortuitous
i do a big piece in a triangle and these are three sections from it
we must expand our railways both in infrastructure and rolling - stock terms so that we can deliver an efficient effective and sustainable railway network devoid of obstacles
Quiconque minimise ce conflit de valeurs rend un mauvais service à l' Europe .
but the universe is infinite
La Russie a aussi imposé un embargo commercial complet à la Géorgie , dans l’ espoir d’ affaiblir son président pro-occidental , Mikhaïl Saakachvili .
Tu étudies l' anglais .
... seulement une fois , ma décision aurait été plus aisée mais , sur ce point , vous êtes intransigeant .
Une intégration économique plus profonde qui doit aller de pair avec la solidarité .
Selon nos informations , la viande qui est importée d' un autre État membre vers la Suède est contrôlée par l' exploitation de destination dans le cadre d' une réglementation de contrôle spécifique .
he invested a lot of money in stocks
the first salvos in this war came in the form foreign - exchange intervention
one is his long - term focus
therefore the solutions are not as simple as that
( CS ) Je salue la révision de la directive sur le temps partagé , qui date de quinze ans déjà .
Et aujourd'hui cette chute n' est pas terminée .
given the strategic importance of the sector which carries 90 % of world trade and 40 % of intra - community trade and the number of workers involved this measure is long overdue
Vous avez traité tous les groupes sur un pied d' égalité , en fonction , bien sûr , de l' appui que nous avons reçu de la part des citoyens .
hollande ’s brand of normalcy does not appeal to these populist voters
Walt Meier du Centre national de traitement des données sur la Neige et la Glace des Etats - Unis décrit la calotte glaciaire d’ aujourd’ hui comme de la « glace pilée » .
La recherche de solutions et d' instruments qui rendent possible une cohabitation offrant des garanties aux deux parties , est la meilleure approche de pacification , nous semble -t -il .
Les réformateurs parlent d’ élections municipales partielles , de dialogue national et des droits des femmes , à qui ils seraient prêts à accorder bientôt le droit de conduire des automobiles !
En même temps , je regrette que nous ne soyons toujours pas parvenus à une politique commune en matière d' asile et de réfugiés comportant des règles minimales communes .
second half end of normal time
this report turns the spotlight on our present deficits and also makes very definite proposals where changes are necessary
Toutefois , il faut souligner que si on veut réellement s' attaquer au problème de la sécurité à bord des avions , la question du prix ne peut être que secondaire .
Alors comment étudie - t - on le rap scientifiquement ?
Mais sans lui , le G20 ne serait qu’ une arène de débats , pavée de bonnes intentions mais sans moyens réels pour les réaliser .
my clothes are over there
Voici un test où vous devez choisir les grandes lettres ou les petites lettres .
mr president referring back to what mr napolitano said frankly it seems to me that your reply had very little substance to it what we need here is instead much more than that
paradoxically the scandals themselves have highlighted america 's strong regulatory system
J' ignorais que vous aviez un petit ami .
C' est le risque qu' a couru le ministre Gama , le commissaire Barnier , et que nous avons tous couru .
Pour conclure , je pense que le blocage de la directive sur les équipages des transbordeurs et la volonté de ralentir cette convention sont symptomatiques de l' attitude de certains États membres .
the memory of what we could have witnessed should be an integral part of our heritage
so it adopted the identity of an islamic republic – a seemingly direct and logical evolution from “ muslims as a distinct nation ” before partition to pakistan as an “ islamic state ” afterward
and i 'm going to stage a race here between this sort of yellowish ford here and the red toyota down there and the brownish volvo
i aced the exam
Notre problème , Madame la Commissaire , c' est le développement rural .
Il plaça le livre sur l' étagère .
Deuxièmement , nous appelons à des règles du jeu claires en matière de facilitation des visas .
En été , je nage .
Parallèlement , il convient de garantir la meilleure protection possible aux donneurs vivants .
it is a difficult and sensitive one and i think tribute ought to be paid to those who have actually facilitated it because it has not been easy
( EN ) Madame la Présidente , merci de m' offrir la possibilité de m' exprimer sur ce point très important .
Cette obligation nous incombe autant qu’ elle incombe à la machine .
we will even have to make new investments in order to meet our energy needs and at the same time consolidate our climate ambitions
Je crois que l' heure n' est plus aux lamentations et je suis d' accord pour que l' on essaie de définir dans quelle mesure il est possible d' aller de l' avant .
companies in these regions are in many cases subcontractors for larger companies in more heavily populated areas
Mais cela suppose de redéfinir le traitement lui - même .
Qui ne dit mot consent .
- thank you very much for the work that you have carried out mr florenz and for your report
the arts whatever they do whenever they call us together invite us to look at our fellow human being with generosity and curiosity
they got into the train
La mondialisation doit donc être contrôlée de manière à garantir que ses effets négatifs soient minimisés .
Cependant , plutôt que de trouver des responsables , nous devons définir et promouvoir une marche à suivre en termes d' aide humanitaire .
the two communities are increasingly segregated - and both are armed
at last we got to the lake
Je voudrais une fois de plus souligner la qualité du travail du Parlement et du soutien que ce travail a apporté à notre Commission .
i think that this criticism alone is reason enough for denying the european parliament discharge
surely there is a certain irony in calling for compulsory and irrevocable solidarity surely solidarity is something that is offered and not compulsory
Avons - nous une quelconque influence en la matière ?
Nous ne partageons pas le souhait du Conseil d’ éliminer les projets d’ intérêt européen et nous soutenons le maintien des catégories de projets préconisé par le rapporteur .
hyun - sook stayed at father keene 's and her uncle agreed to let her stay there until the adoption went through
establishing specific offences at community level would therefore lead to an impasse
by contributing to the integration of the middle east into the global system turkey ’s democracy and market economy are having a positive spillover on its southern neighbors however modest
Ce n' est pas ce que nous avons fait avec les amendements apportés aux textes .
Les banques centrales doivent s' engager de manière crédible sur la stabilité des prix à long terme .
Une fois adopté , il apportera un cadre de référence clair de ce qui est autorisé et de ce qui ne l’ est pas .
mr president the spanish presidency is going to continue with the current union policy which is aimed at systematically improving the human rights situation in afghanistan particularly in relation to afghan women
( SV ) Monsieur le Président , nous consacrons généralement trop peu de temps dans ce Parlement aux problèmes auxquels sont confrontées les petites entreprises .
Pour l’ instant , toutes ses missions ont respecté la loi internationale et les arrangements gouvernementaux entre les partis en conflit .
gaza is one of the most densely populated places on earth and one of the poorest – 1.5 million of us live on a patch of land about 41 kilometers long and 6 - 12 kilometers wide
the hong kong and macao affairs office took charge of the paper 's correspondents based on the mainland demanding that they be replaced by ethnic chinese
for the least that can be said is that in spite of the efforts of our parliament the council was by no means the most conciliatory during the procedure particularly with regard to the question of the programme 's financial framework
now the european parliament is supposed to state its position on this complex difficult and at times contradictory council document in the space of three months
Enfin , l' essor du tourisme est indissociable d' une politique soutenue de protection de l' environnement .
it was after all the council that brought forward this idea of convergence in the tampere agenda
Les exécutions de prisonniers sont en augmentation constante : 2 100 exécutions pour l' année 1995 selon Amnesty International .
she has a little money put aside
L' écrivain y disait : " Dans toute chose , l' uniformité est indésirable .
allocation of funding to research and development at both european and national level must ensure the progress of all european policies
we believe that responsibility for danish security lies first and foremost with nato
it allows european patients to benefit from treatments that are not available in their own countries or for which there are very long waiting lists
Donc à cette époque - là j' étudiais l' informatique à Princeton , et j' ai remarqué que , tout à coup , il était possible de recueillir ce genre d' objets personnels , non seulement des coins de rue , mais aussi d' internet .
in writing sv the june list is in favour of cross - border police cooperation
Il n' incombe pas au reste d' entre nous de dire pourquoi nous n' y croyons pas .
what i really want to know is has the commission already carried out a preliminary analysis of the reports and what is happening
Monsieur le Président , notre collègue Poli Bortone , en tant que catholique , demande et a demandé très clairement une séparation nette de l' Église et de l' État ou , mieux encore comme elle l' a dit , de la religion et de la politique .
although they generate as many of the ideas as their male colleagues do it is the latter who go to meetings and present the group 's research results
Des bénévoles voulaient construire une école au Chili , pour les enfants des rues ; ils se sont engagés en ce sens , ils ont reçu une promesse juridiquement contraignante , et ils attendent l' argent depuis un an maintenant .
Vous n' ignorez sans doute pas que l' Irlande dépend de la filière bovine plus que tout autre État membre de l' Union européenne .
your request is accepted
in this area too we are calling on the commission to bring forward either a legislative proposal or a budgetary proposal
it 's not our will that makes us act but our imagination
Une étude récente réalisée par le ministère irlandais de l’ entreprise , du commerce et de l’ emploi indique que la plupart des salariés ont un emploi exigeant des niveaux de qualification plus faibles que ce que leur formation professionnelle leur permet d’ exercer .
L' Union européenne dispose de tous les outils dont elle a besoin pour proposer au monde ses valeurs , sa conception de l' éducation de ses enfants , et sa manière de la mener à bien .
Lorsqu' elle traite de questions sensibles comme le clonage , la Commission attache une grande importance aux considérations éthiques .
this perspective perhaps comes more naturally in an environment of rapid growth because their growth models require continual review and adaptation to be sustainable
for example the complexity of transport flows offers some areas new opportunities yet other areas get congestion and pollution
i urge the representatives of the member states to once and for all come up with some answers to these problems instead of imitating the three monkeys in hearing nothing saying nothing and seeing nothing
De ce fait , on peut , en plus des évaluations ad hoc habituelles , mieux mesurer la réelle efficacité du programme .
Cette forme moderne d' esclavage constitue un acte criminel terrible et une violation grave des droits humains fondamentaux .
i would also ask you whether you believe that any other european head of government has ever been reminded of these principles by the commission when they were elected
we should not therefore get distracted by restrictions upon the financial perspective as long as the net result is to be positive
Comme je l' ai déjà dit , j' ai un peu moins confiance dans le Conseil .
Les droits fondamentaux représentent une tradition commune à tous les États de droit démocratiques , une manière de limiter le pouvoir des autorités et un instrument fondamental pour la protection des personnes .
now polls show that men tell twice as many lies as women -- assuming the women they ask told the truth
Un jour , Albert Einstein a déclaré « Je n’ ai aucun don spécial , mais je suis passionnément curieux . »
due to the lack of any global consistency in these regulatory structures countries responded off their own bat
in addition it will prevent the united states from activating the suspension clause in the absence of such an agreement
Nous savons tous que toute forme de politique qui ne prend pas ses responsabilités à l’ égard de ce principe impose aux générations futures un obstacle insurmontable .
Les propositions des socialistes et des communistes , et peut - être aussi des représentants de la gauche , le démontrent , bien que , selon moi , les critères de Maastricht y mettent un terme .
Dans cette région , les campagnes évoluent sur un tapis roulant de la pauvreté qui ne mène nulle part .
we must make up for lost time
Enfin , dernier point , question de méthode .
as it has been written into the articles the provision is legally binding
it does n't seem to have its own culture and the sort of differences that exist in the real world are n't translated into the second life map
Nous devons développer de façon constructive la capacité militaire qui s' est établie par la force des choses , notamment à cause de la guerre au Kosovo .
Les prix des carburants , surtout au Royaume - Uni , semblent atteindre des niveaux astronomiques alors que dans d' autres États membres , ils sont très bas . Ceci engendre des distorsions au sein du marché unique .
Elle offre aux entreprises la flexibilité dont elles ont besoin pour effectuer leur activité dans plus d' un pays .
i believe that my country should withdraw from the eu 's social chapter
we have tried on many occasions either to speak up openly or to try discreet diplomacy
L' absence de sécurité juridique et les coûts élevés associés au système actuel , dans lequel les brevets doivent être validés dans chaque État membre séparément , étouffe le potentiel de développement du marché intérieur , de l' innovation et de la croissance .
Le problème est d' autant plus important qu' il est larvé et ne se laisse pas aisément cerner .
J' estime , Monsieur le Commissaire , qu' il existe des obstacles législatifs , administratifs et fiscaux bien plus importants .
J' ai voté quatre fois positivement pour la Commission , car je fais confiance à M. Prodi et à son équipe .
and all this has been going on under the protection of several governments in a row including the incumbent one
Les week - ends je montais , comme tous les autres touristes , tout en haut de l' Empire State Building , et j' observais ce paysage , ces écosystèmes , et je me demandais : " Comment ce paysage fonctionne - t - il pour créer un habitat pour la faune et la flore ?
i am trying to move beyond political rhetoric to a place of ethical questioning
Il n' en est rien .
so the next and final question was well how much force does a mantis shrimp produce if they 're able to break open snails
but it wo n't wipe out you know all life on earth so that 's fine but it turns out you do n't need something six miles across to do a lot of damage
D’ aucuns soutiennent que l’ égalité des sexes est une conséquence du processus de modernisation et non de l’ occidentalisation .
she was shocked when she heard his story
so when the dollar ’s convertibility into gold was suspended the value of that debt soared threatening many institutions ’ survival
we find it somewhat surprising that as the telecommunications market has liberalized we have not gone to competitive tender for the provision of telecom services
we encouraged them to express their views on those aspects which gave cause for concern
there is nothing altruistic about this
when did your daughter come of age
La plupart des États membres connaissent une augmentation des dépenses de médicaments .
Rivero a compris depuis longtemps que Castro est peut - être bien le Père de la Révolution cubaine , mais que ce sont les enfants de cette révolution qui sont toujours plus rétifs .
we heard from mrs halonen that the commission has been asked to prepare a socio - economic programme for institution building in east timor
if not this commission is at risk of losing its democratic legitimacy before it has properly started
Je pense que , si un contrôle exact est mené - et on l' a déjà vérifié dans le passé dans beaucoup d' États membres - , il est également possible de continuer à utiliser cette alimentation riche en protéines .
effecting improvements in the management and control of complex programmes involving many organisations at different levels is difficult and takes time
En conséquence , des modifications ont été introduites afin de satisfaire la DG I.
Ceci explique l’ émergence de nouvelles demandes en faveur de négociations de bonne foi sur le désarmement nucléaire , et exigées de longue date par le Traité de Non - Prolifération Nucléaire .
Sur le plan de la démarche , tout cela paraît très correct . Mais comme souvent , c' est dans les détails que le bât blesse .
C’ est un violon .
i see lula a former trade union leader as an older brother who gives me real guidance
Lors du sommet entre les dirigeants des deux pays , le Premier ministre indien , Atal Behari Vajpayee , ne manquera sans doute pas de poser la même question à son homologue pakistanais .
more and more for those of us who come from islands schengen unites us builds a bridge between the periphery and the centre for us schengen means a sense of liberty it means a sense of liberation
Donc , trouver les programmes qui se rapprochent du tri de chiffres .
in our opinion we also need to ask ourselves ethical questions about genetic modification
i do not see any great difficulty about that
illegal employment is the principal source of attraction for those thousands of men and women crossing our borders every day imagining they will find a decent job to feed their families
the main lapse in tfp growth in europe over the past decade has been in services excluding information and communications technologies
my speakers are a kid toys compared to yours
Nancy a l' air fatiguée .
Le rapport contient différentes recommandations importantes .
Il faut parler de l' Irak , d' Echelon , de la Serbie , tout mettre sur le tapis .
we have to teach our children about this sad story because as we know history has a tendency to repeat itself
Restez tranquilles pendant que je parle .
if no thorough deliberation of the limits of biotechnology is initiated i fear we will be relinquishing control to research and our trade partners
Les exécutants sont des éléments douteux recrutés parmi les vétérans de la guerre d' indépendance menée il y a vingt ans , des milices gouvernementales et des groupes de jeunes ; ils bénéficient tous du concours de la police .
Si vous parvenez à mettre à profit ses atouts et à éliminer ce qui ne fonctionne pas - comme peut - être ce bâtiment ! - , j' espère pouvoir à nouveau vous féliciter en décembre .
madam president mr president of the court of auditors this is an important day for the members of the committee on budgetary control
the accessibility of transport to persons with reduced mobility is a really important issue for the european union at present
first of all i should like to say again that the reports by mr rosati and mr mitchell were very impressive and full of very important ideas and recommendations
Madeleine Albright : C' est pour briser la glace , et le plafond de verre .
Plutôt que d' adopter une vision rétrospective , je préfère me tourner vers l' avenir , comme l' a d' ailleurs dit le Monsieur Herman lui - même .
as in many parts of the world it may be several generations before the region ’s crimes can be worked through
C' est le vieux jeu des empires , dont la victime n' est pas seulement la population algérienne , mais l' Algérie elle - même et ses plus anciens et finalement ses plus fidèles amis .
Dieu soit loué , il s' avère que l' évolution du secteur bovin est moins dramatique qu' on n' avait pu le craindre .
tomorrow mr solana you will be holding discussions with colin powell and the others
Nous devons reconnaître que l' épanouissement humain n' est pas un processus mécanique , c' est un processus organique .
together we have said this was actually already an agreement under the treaty of nice
and the same idea now can be built up
on average 58 000 people commit suicide each year
Pourquoi êtes - vous en retard ?
those who survive will be more malnourished than ever and the percent of children whose growth is stunted will increase from today ’s two thirds
Reste à savoir si les Forces d' autodéfense du Japon oeuvreront aux côtés de l' Amérique et du monde pour défendre la paix mondiale , ou si elles oeuvreront seules en fin de compte pour défendre le Japon .
this process requires extraordinary precautions
Les États membres se tiennent dans leurs places fortes médiévales , les ponts - levis relevés .
À cause de la neige , il ne peut pas le faire .
the increased orientation of the common agricultural policy towards the market and the devaluation of food sovereignty with the emphasis solely being placed on food security forgetting that this is difficult without food sovereignty
we could n't begin to show you our archival stuff from the jellies
in our modern differentiated and individualized societies it is necessary to establish a clear social coherence and in this context the various associations are a key factor
Les 500 millions d' euros supplémentaires que la Banque européenne est invitée à débloquer sous le prétexte d' encourager la création d' emplois ainsi que le milliard pour les PME de haute technologie seront officiellement destinés à l' investissement .
during the same period around 300 hungarians were beaten in serbia without any legal repercussions
Les institutions - clé mises en place en 1998 et leurs modifications en 2006 et 2008 étaient clairement innovantes et répondaient àux préoccupations et aux demandes de tous les acteurs du conflit
let me tell you where i got it
L' Union doit définir dans le détail les priorités stratégiques qu' elle poursuit dans ses partenariats avec ses voisins orientaux et méridionaux .
Les citoyens , c' est - à - dire des personnes physiques , tous les citoyens , y compris , pourquoi pas , des élus , mais rien que des citoyens européens , le traité ne laissant pas de doute sur ce sujet .
Bien entendu , tout cela devrait aboutir à des élections libres et équitables .
Tom proposa à Mary de faire une partie d’ échecs .
Une récente étude a en effet prouvé que le fait de dépenser son argent pour les autres est plus gratifiant que de le dépenser pour soi - même .
at the end of the day if there is the potential for an increase in visitor numbers it is important to organise things in such a way that this does not have a negative impact on the local population
to be sure we have also seen patients seeking treatment for depression who really did have bipolar disorder
Le premier porte sur la ratification du futur traité .
for those of a more serious or technical turn of mind there is the white paper itself
Le nœud supérieur ici , c' est l' addition à un chiffre .
Nous prendrons deux semaines de vacances .
next week presidents putin and bush will meet in slovakia
that objection is based solely upon not agreeing with particular decisions in one or two areas of technology
Mais elle présente quelques bénéfices à plus long terme pour les Etats - Unis dans la guerre d’ influence régionale qu’ ils se livrent avec l’ Iran .
in 2004 experience in the new member states had not yet been taken into consideration
the kyoto protocol created certain expectations and the impression of the european parliament is that things have been allowed to go to sleep for far too long after the negotiations on that protocol were concluded
Le gouvernement grec fera les promesses d’ usage .
Nous ne le bloquerons donc pas .
Depuis plus de 20 ans la guerre que mène le gouvernement soudanais contre le Sud a coûté la vie à plus de deux millions de personnes .
Le Conseil européen insiste sur la nécessité du renforcement de l' action contre le racisme et la xénophobie et invite les États membres à élaborer des programmes nationaux à cet effet .
Le débat sur ce point de l' ordre du jour est clos .
i can not understand why certain fellow members do not want to protect fishermen
Je crois qu' on ne peut pas exiger cela d' un pays qui a une telle histoire derrière lui .
Qui est responsable de leur qualité et des effets secondaires qu' ils entraînent ?
on behalf of the alde group - it mr president ladies and gentlemen i would like to thank mr jørgensen for the report
to them “ socialism ” means “ european ” or simply “ un - american ”
following the example of the united states will the future commission look on our social and environmental clauses as protectionist
Il est difficile de prédire qui assénera le coup salutaire et quand cela se fera .
this is also an area in which the trading of emission rights provides a means of achieving some stability in our efforts to reach the requirements laid down in the kyoto protocol
L' implication de l' UE doit donc être réexaminée sans retard .
the court recommends simplifying the systems for reimbursing expenditure and introducing more effective sanction mechanisms
C' est une belle journée pour manger dehors .
- ( PL ) Dans ce débat sur le conflit russo - géorgien , nous avons tendance à oublier ce qui s' est passé en Abkhazie et à ne parler que de l' Ossétie .
Dans sept ans , l' état de la législation sera réexaminé .
La commission du contrôle budgétaire est fort déçue par les conclusions du rapport de la Cour des comptes .
" Tu parles tout le temps à des gens sympas , sauf quand tu es allée à la Maison Blanche -- " " Maman , ne commence pas ! "
taylor ’s warmongering also paved the way for military coups in sierra leone and the gambia
Le soutien persistant de la Chine au candidat à l’ arme nucléaire qu’ est la Corée du Nord en est un exemple type .
finally in 1999 in tampere the member states came out with this grand statement that they wanted a common asylum and immigration policy
On ne peut pas se fier à ce qu' elle dit .
such assistance will not yield immediate results but awareness of the medium term - which means readiness to face it by delaying immediate gratification - is also a sign of a liberal order
for wine - growing farmers it will be a bonus at the end of the day
Ces derniers temps , je n' ai pas été en mesure de le voir , nous ne faisons que nous croiser .
i must point out straight away that he is no cassandra because cassandra 's predictions were always right
Je remercie le rapporteur .
failure would mean succumbing to a mid - air stall with tepid forward motion giving way to a sudden loss of altitude
mr president at the present time of the 6 billion inhabitants of the world over 800 million are suffering from malnutrition
Là où Dieu semble très proche , le Diable n' est jamais très loin .
Dis - moi encore à quelle heure commence le concert .
finally i would like to ask the commission if it has any further information on possible european union cooperation with the security council to guarantee maritime security in this area
a minimum of 20 to 30 inches of increase in sea levels is the best case that we can hope for and it could be 10 times that
around eur 2 billion were lost
Je tiens à préciser qu' il importe que les ONG locales de défense des droits des femmes soient mises à contribution , afin que les fonds aillent là où ils sont vraiment nécessaires .
the internet has been doubling in power and continues to measured many different ways
Avez - vous été invité à leur mariage ?
Toutefois , je m’ oppose à la création d’ une assiette commune consolidée pour l’ impôt des sociétés , car j’ estime qu’ il conviendrait d’ appliquer le principe de subsidiarité et de conserver au niveau national les décisions relatives à la fiscalité .
Dans ce débat , il ne s' agit de rien de moins que de responsabilité .
Comment puis - je parvenir à la gare ?
Permettez - moi d' ajouter que Hong - Kong , avec une population de 6 millions d' habitants , produit près de 23 % des richesses de la Chine dans son ensemble , et bénéficie actuellement d' un régime à 100 % démocratique .
PM : Et les médecins ont des règles bien strictes quant à qui peut être traité à la clinique .
countries that have not signed the convention should quickly do so
Elles peuvent coordonner des programmes d' éducation financière destinés à sensibiliser les consommateurs quant aux options dont ils disposent en matière de gestion de leur patrimoine .
turkey has enjoyed a privileged partnership through the customs union and also nato for several years
Il convient d' accorder à cette région l' attention qu' elle mérite , car la situation à laquelle le Soudan est confrontée est terrible .
the risk is lowest in western europe and australia but highest in eastern european countries – 50 times the risk in western europe
Je me réjouis du soutien du Parlement pour le programme " CAFE " .
our objective is to reach a compromise at first reading which is what is wanted by most of the associations of patients whose lives in many cases depend on a leading edge medicinal product
ladies and gentlemen the fight against youth unemployment and against long - term unemployment is a priority for europe and for the member states
La seule chose qu' il faudra faire , et que nous allons réussir à faire , c' est mettre en avant les éléments positifs du sport par opposition à ses dérives .
a powerful reach system is at least some guarantee for all our people
Elle ne voulut pas vendre l' ouvrage .
they just get the school which parents choose for them
without your help i would fail
however two - thirds of the way there was a barrier
far from it it follows that integrated networks can result in a problem transferring itself to other networks although security of supply is generally enhanced
Nous avons vu ce genre d’ illustration plus tôt , où l’ on voit que nous vivons sur gros caillou quelque peu mouillé par endroits .
D' une certaine manière , cela peut satisfaire les producteurs des pays qui sont plus compétitifs .
Le Canada et les Philippines , par exemple , ont un accord bien huilé qui protège les droits des travailleurs temporaires .
at the second of these summits then - un secretary - general kofi annan called for the creation of the global fund to fight aids tb and malaria
did you enjoy the movie
and we stand ready to provide additional support – including under a new financing mechanism for countries hit by exogenous shocks – to help those whom the global financial crisis has affected most severely
Nous sommes seulement opposés au fait que les lignes directrices deviennent des directives .
but debt remains a grave challenge for southern africa as a whole
there is discretion in the hygiene regulation itself to allow businesses who do not need to apply the full haccp regime to derogate from it with the approval of competent authorities
Le dernier point que je voudrais aborder est le fait que la Cour des comptes n' a pas fait de déclaration d' assurance .
dr v see mcdonald 's concept is simple
in fact it does matter – and not just for americans
thank you mr president mr vondra and mr barroso
On nous a dit qu' elle serait parachutée par hélicoptères d' une hauteur de 1 500 mètres .
Donc j' aimerais vous parler du cycle de vie d' une colonie .
Mais la réélection de Harper incarne autre chose .
as far as its legislative programme for 2003 is concerned the commission has listed over 40 items of proposed legislation that can be expected to have some effect on tourism 24 of them to a more or less marked degree
Il convient enfin de souligner les coûts prévisionnels très variables des programmes selon les pays et les zones Natura 2000 qu’ ils ont retenues .
now consider ms dewey
i believe that this will be a major step towards a european internal market
in vivian 's case her unit of production is n't the tangible hours she works it 's the intangible difference she makes during that one hour of work
the evaluations have not yet been concluded
Nous espérons que l' agenda de politique sociale parviendra à apporter des réponses appropriées à ces questions .
the principal of our school is an american
Tous les accords sont valables si la Turquie tient sa parole .
the report also identifies the challenges looming on the horizon
Considérons une population de dix individus ( par exemple celle d’ une usine ) , dans laquelle le directeur général perçoit un salaire annuel de 150 000 $ , contre 10 000 $ pour chacun des neuf autres employés .
Son assistant lui suggéra un changement de tactique .
i know that in matters of civil protection from natural disasters we can never be satisfied
i asked them why
Il attribua son succès à la chance .
agreement between the ec and montenegro on short - stay visas vote
it is not a matter of defending saddam hussein
Personnellement , je suis un philosophe , et l' un des risques du métier est la question que nous pose les gens sur le sens de la vie .
L’ un des problèmes , lorsqu’ on se rend dans un supermarché n’ importe où dans l’ Union européenne , c’ est que l’ on peut acheter un poulet sans savoir avec certitude d’ où il vient et selon quelles normes il a été produit .
Cela vaut aussi pour un opérateur qui gagne de l’ argent sur des écarts de taux plutôt que sur des transactions à risque .
Pourquoi la droite ignore - t - elle alors cet aspect ?
Nous avons une vidéo à vous montrer .
is that not enough of a burden on our future
the birth rate on the other hand goes down when the social position of women improves when they receive an education and information on birth control and when they have their own means of earning a livelihood
Elle vit seule en appartement .
En Chine , ces 20 dernières années , on est passé de 20 à 50 , et cela augmente encore .
Ma priorité va aux PME , qui représentent une part essentielle du marché européen en termes de création de richesses et d' emplois .
Toutefois , certains de nos partenaires , comme les États - Unis , la Russie et la Chine , ne se sont pas joints aux travaux de la Cour pénale internationale .
lastly to conclude the third area no power can expect to conduct an external policy without financial support
somewhere in a pattern like this is you your perceptions your emotions your memories your plans for the future
it is the most important topic
president assad reconfirmed syria 's strategic decision for peace and willingness to resume negotiations with israel
À ce jour , le tourisme génère directement quelque 4 % , et indirectement plus de 10 % , du PIB de l' Union , et représente 12 % de l' emploi total .
Cette volonté complète l' interdiction de la publicité sur le tabac établie par la Communauté , dont le but est de combattre les efforts du secteur pour attirer de nouveaux fumeurs , en particulier les jeunes .
C' est pourquoi j' ai voté contre le rapport : c' est une très mauvaise idée .
Madame la Présidente , je pense que M. Barroso a vraiment aujourd'hui un rôle très difficile .
the assessment of bali is a striking example
it was a necessary and right thing to do as it allowed us to have the first real negotiations at the political level on industrial goods and services anti - dumping rules and development
Mais il a été acculé à devoir faire face à un dilemme singulier .
my ted wish there 's a vital story that needs to be told and i wish for ted to help me gain access to it and then to help me come up with innovative and exciting ways to use news photography in the digital era
J' ai quelques bonnes nouvelles pour toi .
Il y a beaucoup d' américains riches . D' un autre côté , certains sont très pauvres .
Je constate l' existence d' un bon équilibre dans le processus .
Or , le programme quinquennal communautaire est doté d' un budget de 45 millions d' euros .
nonsense says the religious world view
L' Europe a changé et le monde a changé .
Par exemple , l' informatique contrôlée par la pensée peut enseigner aux enfants souffrant de troubles de l' attention à améliorer leur concentration .
self - help has replaced the discredited notion that foreign countries will come to russia 's rescue
Je ne peux pas te blâmer .
Je crois que les cartes courantes ne lui rendent pas justice , je ne suis pas sûre si c' est les anglais qui ont inventé cette perspective - là du monde , mais ça m' étonnerait pas parce que nous sommes là en plein milieu .
number portability - being able to take your number with you if you move to another operator - is at the top of the list
yet his agenda is stalled and the country ’s ideological divisions grow deeper
Comment ça fait d' être revenu ?
Il est un fait que la plupart des États membres seraient réticents à l' idée de modifier leurs priorités de transport à court terme .
you yourself come from a region that has managed – not least with the help of european support grants – to move away from agriculture to being a leader in research and development
again under that review we will be looking at spending money in areas which the court of auditors clearly has concerns about particularly in the field of research and innovation
Mais je pense que si vous passez au - delà de ces forces vous arrivez à ce qui pourrait être le levier plus profond , le fond de la question , qui est la façon dont nous pensons le temps lui - même .
Ce sont des probabilités intéressantes .
Monsieur Wurtz , vous n' étiez pas présent .
Notre groupe aurait souhaité garantir les services énergétiques publics et universels dans le cadre de ces directives sur la libéralisation et la privatisation .
we now continue with the debate on the programme of the british presidency
our energy industry is affected not only by outsiders but also by our own mistakes these should not be forgotten
Les APE ont toujours constitué une grande priorité pour les ministères en charge du développement dans le cadre de leurs réunions du Conseil " Affaires générales et relations extérieures " .
L' ordre du jour appelle la question orale de Mme Berès , au nom de la commission des affaires économiques et monétaires , à la Commission , concernant la mise en œuvre de l' Espace unique de paiements en euros ( SEPA ) .
first of all the member states must also implement the provisions of the directives
Dans la catégorie 4 , les résultats sont plus mitigés comme certains orateurs l' ont fait remarquer .
Je ne peux terminer mon intervention sur la Géorgie sans évoquer les conflits et les problèmes auxquels est confronté le pays .
Les dirigeants de ce monde sont malheureusement encore en grande partie des dictateurs ou des semi-dictateurs et je m' attriste quelque peu que cela nous ait échappé .
we do not aspire to lay down ourselves from strasbourg those constituencies which geography history economic and cultural conditions have determined
i strongly appeal to all our fellow meps not only to devote fine words to lisbon but also actually to take action where they can and this is a good example
Pour éviter un débat public , et donc une nouvelle levée de boucliers , le gouvernement de M. Sarkozy a délibérément décidé de ne pas avoir recours à une loi - cadre mais d' introduire dans tous les textes pertinents les principes de la directive .
work and social security - this is what they expect from europe
i am also very pleased that you have mentioned mozambique today and in this context and that a major humanitarian effort can be made using the resources in question
mr president the european parliament has just adopted the andersson report on adequate and sustainable pensions
joachim voss then ciat ’s director confirmed that the yellow beans were present in ciat ’s gene bank and that they had originated in mexico
Cela vaut également pour le désarmement urgent du Hezbollah ; après tout , le spectre d' une nouvelle guerre civile surgit .
Dès lors , nous devons stimuler la recherche , l' intensifier .
J' insiste sur le terme " volontairement " .
i should first like to congratulate my colleague elisa damião on the work that she has done on this extremely important issue
they are a test of our capacity for putting globalisation to work in the interest of all people
Nous savons que , depuis lors , notre productivité diminue par rapport à celle des grosses économies avec lesquelles nous sommes en concurrence .
Sur le mur il y a mon livre intitulé " Supernatural " , qui me permet de me rappeler de ce que j' ai fait , parce que j' oublie .
C' est bon d' être de retour pour ce qui sera ma dernière semaine dans ce Parlement - ou tout autre parlement .
Nous devons ensuite nous projeter dans le vingt-et-unième siècle et constater que nos besoins vont doubler dès 2050 ou 2060 , même en maintenant une mobilisation sans faille en termes d’ économies d’ énergie .
it is unacceptable that for many years many countries simply failed to distinguish properly between professional and consumer investors as is required by the isd
and we 're seeing nations in africa
et je répondis : " Qu' est ce que je vais leur dire ?
firstly i think that it has been a great victory for consumers that we have strengthened the requirements imposed on enterprises throughout the supply chain
L' exercice physique est essentiel pour les adultes et vital pour les enfants .
bush embraced the so - called “ democratic peace ” theory which holds that democracies not only treat their own citizens better but also act better toward their neighbors and others
Dans le cas des bâtiments , il est essentiel de prévenir les fuites et les inspections et les contrôles des fuites sont prévus dans la proposition de la Commission , que nous soutenons .
Et bien sûr ce n’ est pas vrai .
in so doing they inflicted a terrible wound on europe which has not totally healed to this day
i note that the president - in - office of the council wants to see more jobs and that mrs reding has emphasised the need for quality and adaptation in our training systems
we bear ever greater responsibility for each other in global terms
i am concerned that at this moment the union 's credibility is at stake vis - à - vis the mediterranean countries because we have approved a euro - mediterranean policy and we must honour our commitments
Le Tadjikistan a affiché une attitude ouverte et constructive lors des discussions sur nos défis communs , ce qui est positif .
Nous le ferons toutefois , mais nous devons également dire clairement que les actions telles que celle d’ hier vont totalement à l’ encontre de la recherche d’ une issue pacifique .
europe ’s malaise has hit china ’s exports badly and undoubtedly is the most important factor underlying the current decline in the ratio
yesterday i met two americans who 're bicycling through japan
today 10 february is the second time that a day of remembrance has been celebrated in our country
the police arrested members from two criminal gangs
if lithuania is accompanied by other member states the other baltic states then all the better
Nous aurions par conséquent souhaité que le rapport aborde plus en détail la position des citoyens , leurs désirs et leurs inquiétudes , ainsi que la question de leur association aux processus .
nor should the member states create needless obstacles to new investments in the use of fossil reserves through the most advanced technologies available
at a red light in new york a squeegee kid or two might approach your car in accra a stopped car is immediately surrounded by a virtual supermarket
as such it is a good opportunity for us to improve the already existing agreement
Est -ce ce qui s' est passé ?
Cette attitude fait que les résolutions du Conseil de sécurité de l' ONU , les Accords d' Oslo et les principes acceptés durant la Conférence de Madrid sur le Proche - Orient s' en trouvent gravement dévalorisés .
La décision que nous nous apprêtons à prendre aujourd'hui constitue un pas supplémentaire dans cette direction .
Sinon , elles seraient à une température de moins 150 degrés Celsius , ce qui n' est certainement pas favorable pour développer la vie , au moins celle que nous connaissons .
La preuve en est que nous avons déjà commencé à aborder ce problème au plus haut niveau en réunissant ce Conseil européen informel demain à Bruxelles .
in any event to use the argument of the issue of net balances - as has been done - does not move in the right direction but for many reasons contributes to undermining the principles of the union
Ceci étant dit , les valeurs et les principes sur lesquels reposent notre civilisation ne peuvent en aucun cas être remis en cause .
it does not seem adequate to me that individual states should do their utmost and be prepared to pay ransoms when someone is seized
unless somebody leads nobody will
Est -ce bien le cas en l' occurrence ? - je me pose et vous pose également la question .
Le capital , la terre et le travail sont les trois facteurs clé de la production .
Concilier un emploi à part entière avec les autres choses auxquelles les personnes aspirent , comme la famille et l' engagement social et personnel , est un défi pour l' avenir , aussi bien pour les hommes que pour les femmes .
À l’ heure actuelle , il est difficile d’ avoir une vue d’ ensemble précise des institutions en Europe au vu de l’ absence de données comparables .
Je puis vous dire que nous nous procéderons , dès lundi prochain , à un échange de vues au Conseil concernant le résultat de Cancún .
L’ effet des mesures de stabilisation automatique qui entrent en jeu lors d’ un ralentissement économique , le soutien apporté aux banques en difficulté et les paquets fiscaux adoptés par les gouvernements ont été autant de facteurs à saper la viabilité fiscale .
early in my studies i was a guinea pig for a pharmaceutical industry
the russian government 's unwillingness to extend the osce mandate in chechnya violates the humanitarian principles that we share
Je voudrais soulever une question , que la Commission pourrait peut - être traiter .
Cette caisse est trop lourde pour que je la soulève seule .
the weapons and the instructors were destined for the houthi rebels
the only way to deal with the problem is to give women access to contraceptives and safe legal abortions
we need to be seen to be exercising major restraint on the expenditure front it is therefore to be welcomed that the agreements reached in the council of ministers are based on prudential management of taxpayers money
Je voudrais utiliser les deux ou trois minutes dont je dispose pour , simplement , envoyer un message .
we therefore require clarification of the calculation method chosen to regulate cmr - chemical substances in toys
we must know what actions will be taken if the nuclear power plants fail to comply with stress test requirements and many other issues
La feuille de route pour la paix appelle les Palestiniens à faire un pas en direction de la fin des violences .
it became kind of an idea for the notion of the surface of a work and it was used in a project where we could unravel that surface and it was a figurative idea that was going to be folded and made into a very kind of complex space
like termites india 's hindu fascists have weakened the foundations of our constitution parliament and the courts - the backbone of every democracy
we support them but we can not rubber - stamp this amendment which would lead to the calling into question of a whole section of the cap without integrating it into the overall change of direction
C' est pourquoi la Commission souhaite , à ce stade de la discussion , émettre des réserves face aux amendements les plus délicats proposés par le rapport .
Et la meilleure manière d' y parvenir est d' énoncer des normes qui fassent l' admiration du monde entier .
i am addressing the european commission on this - in view of the current crisis what good to us are a further 100 000 unemployed
when i go to places like this which are paleontological sites it 's like going to a game park an extinct game park
at their meeting in scheveningen the netherlands the eu 's economic ministers ecofin once again confronted the need to reform the stability and growth pact sgp
Toutes les initiatives de la Commissions se sont heurtées au refus du Conseil , car l' unanimité était nécessaire pour l' adoption de ces initiatives jusqu' au traité de Maastricht .
we are particularly dependent on the continuation of an eu system of export subsidies in order to remain competitive on export markets
my wife does n't need food -- she 's a great trainer
what solutions would there be for the illegal immigrants entering through malta the canary islands greece italy or recently through the external eastern border and who are trying to settle in the european union
et c' est une des choses les plus spéciales que l' on puisse faire avec sa mère .
Le deuxième sujet concerne la République de Moldavie .
Je ne pense pas qu’ il soit nécessaire de souligner à quel point il importe que cette transition se fasse par le biais des institutions démocratiques existantes et fiables .
Les deux interventions avaient pour objectif de remplacer les gouvernements en place à l’ époque , un objectif atteint dans les deux cas .
L’ élargissement n’ a pas été trop rapide . Il s’ agissait de la bonne réponse , apportée au bon moment , après la fin de la guerre froide , l' effondrement de l’ Union soviétique et le nouveau départ en Europe .
Ces propositions sont examinées dans le contexte des dispositions des traités d’ adhésion .
what resources shall we place at our disposal together with the commission and especially with the council so that definite checks and early warning systems can be introduced
Chacun des groupes Roots and Shoots a choisi trois projets .
Ce qui ne constitue pas un panel très représentatif .
Il convient aussi de freiner la fuite des cerveaux .
L’ aide humanitaire et à la reconstruction doit être fournie et utilisée avec transparence et responsabilité , et les systèmes de dette doivent être réformés .
La question n' est pas de ne rien avoir fait tout seul .
Cependant cela a des implications qui vont au - delà du rejet de l' homosexualité , puisque les hétérosexuels en sont également affectés .
author - it mr president ladies and gentlemen religious freedom is in fact the subject of this resolution
its refusal to accept aid for the people is killing them
it is a long and difficult process
J' ai trouvé le livre par hasard .
Je pense que nous devons d' abord comprendre pourquoi la Corée du Nord a décidé d' admettre qu' elle produisait des armes nucléaires .
have the commission services not informed the commission that use is being made of community resources for government propaganda and for the promotion of ministers
Puis - je inviter le commissaire - en conclusion du présent débat - à annoncer que la Commission entend proposer une interdiction de la créosote dans l' ensemble de l' UE .
D' une part , il est nécessaire de parvenir à une entente au niveau politique , mais d' autre part , il est également naturellement nécessaire d' avoir un maximum de transparence .
Mais ces effets se répercuteront aussi dans les pays de l’ UE dont les secteurs financiers sont restés très stables au cours de cette crise .
this being said what exactly must be activated and for whom will depend on the outcome of the international negotiations
Cela n’ est pas possible , et je crois donc que , comme l’ a également déclaré notre service juridique , le principe des affectations de crédits est correct .
Je lui souhaite de réussir et je suis impatient de commencer à travailler avec lui , pour relever , avec lui , cet incroyable défi .
the commission is not seeking the closure of gdansk shipyard
C’ est contraire aux faits .
we are doing our best
Donner un marché unique aux consommateurs et aux citoyens (
in a sense it is creating interoperability
Elle accélère les procédures permettant aux compagnies d' assurance privées d' accroître leur part de marché dans ce secteur .
we have a responsibility to adopt a resolution at least so that we may know this house 's position on the case of aminatou haidar
we also have problems with amendment nos 6 7 and 14
unfortunately almost two years after lehman ’s collapse little has been done to address this risk
it is in this context that the president - in - office of the council speaks of optimism and sees the main obstacle to peace to be the palestinians
Mais j' aimerais rappeler au commissaire qu' il y a environ une dizaine d' années , on avait promis de mettre sur pied un code pour le statut des bénévoles et que rien n' a été fait non plus dans ce domaine .
the greens wish to stress the importance of customs cooperation with third countries and the european union 's immediate neighbours
Voici un hôpital .
i do n't think she would understand it
we have defined and agreed on financial mechanisms at the european level
we should bear in mind that almost 14 million people suffered from the flooding in pakistan which was of truly biblical dimensions
Généralement , le rapport de force dans ces groupes est de 80 contre 20 .
Chacun de nos blocs d’ opinion préfère le rejet du texte à l’ adoption des opinions de l’ autre .
also inconceivable in the context of the rule of law is the fact that there is no possibility of appeal
L' autre option est plus sure . Vous allez juste recevoir de l' argent .
Comment désapprendre la paralysie acquise de telle sorte que vous pouvez soulager le bras fantôme de ce spasme atrocement douloureux ?
Mais nous avons davantage besoin d' une participation officielle du Parlement aux affaires concernant l' OMC , notamment par le biais de rapports annuels écrits sur les activités de la Commission dans ce domaine .
and on an occasion like this the commission is not necessarily the enemy - in fact it is quite a friend
Le marché intérieur a besoin d' un droit efficace , sinon notre aspiration à mettre en place la concurrence et un bien-être croissant dans l' Union européenne restera lettre morte .
Comment pouvons nous faire ce que la vie a appris à faire ?
Je remercie les rapporteurs pour le courage et les capacités dont ils ont fait preuve afin d' élaborer ces documents indispensables .
this is to a large extent due to the history of the european union and its failure to have a clear separation of powers
Les divergences de tous ordres à l' intérieur et en dehors de l' Union font obstacle à l' harmonisation du démantèlement . Il reviendra par conséquent aux États membres et aux exploitants de centrales nucléaires d' assumer la plus importante part de responsabilité du démantèlement .
Enlevez son nom de la liste des candidats .
for most regions weather changes will increase agricultural productivity
i am not your enemy
À l' intérieur de la librairie Altro quando , le propriétaire avait accroché une bannière arborant la phrase " J' aime Milingo " .
it 's a wonderful way to look at these questions when you write a story
En un mot , je suis vraiment satisfait du rapport de Mme Van Lancker .
i would advocate leaving drinking water supplies in the public sector
Ils ont flétri l' image de ce pays sur la scène internationale en tant que géant économique émergeant , une réussite de l' époque de la mondialisation et un pole de plus en plus attractif pour les investisseurs et les touristes .
indeed the remaining member states cover the shortfall
Renault est une entreprise d' état qui a trop longtemps tardé à procéder aux restructurations qui s' imposaient .
a directive aimed at creating a prudential framework for pension funds must fit in with this process of steady but gradual and coordinated reform of national pension systems
Il fait tomber des échaffaudages - une des raisons pour lesquelles Rome reste cet endroit extraordinaire : les échaffaudages et la détermination à maintenir la structure ; c' est une ville qui continue à grandir et à s' adapter aux besoins de l' époque précise où elle se trouve , ou où nous la trouvons .
Les défis économiques sont énormes , mais les bénéfices potentiels sont considérables .
Je veux soutenir ce point de vue avec une très grande force .
you wo n't have side effects
we have nothing against reducing this number since the quality the community character the selection process and the transparency of this process are of course significantly improved
Leur mise hors service avait été inscrite par la Commission européenne dans le traité d' adhésion de la Slovaquie en tant que prix à payer pour rejoindre l' Union européenne .
La production alimentaire mondiale est aujourd'hui telle qu' elle peut nourrir tout le monde .
mrs banotti will give you an answer but if the regulations have already been drawn up then they must and shall be applied
Etant un enfant noir dans un milieu majoritairement blanc , il restera " l' orphelin que Madonna a adopté " .
but attitudes changed as soon as the crisis erupted in 2007 - 2008
Nous examinons en outre les incidences cumulées de la nouvelle réglementation , des prélèvements bancaires et des taxes sur les institutions financières , et nous présenterons les résultats plus tard dans l' année .
Dans une démocratie , après tout , le citoyen est souverain , et non le député , et la forme d' expression la plus importante est le référendum et non des votes qui mettent péril les députés et les parlements .
Qu’ il faut être généreux , il faut être généreux de cœur , généreux d’ esprit .
Pour toutes ces raisons , j' ai voté en faveur de ce rapport .
but the reality is that no amount of time spent negotiating in new york will turn things around
this is enshrined in danish legislation for instance
Nous soutenons les travaux visant à façonner une Constitution pour l' Europe .
Personne ne peut quantifier les risques .
on the right side you can see my colleague soren who 's actually in the space
i called down to the end hey you have n't said much if we needed this or this what would you want
Et même si la police est parfois contrariante – avec ses PV , contraventions et trucs de ce genre -- personne ne songerait à s’ en débarasser .
Monsieur White est allé au Canada .
you can save yourself a lot of time if you listen to parliament first
Cela montre , à mon avis , la véritable force de ce Parlement , son efficacité lorsqu' il s' agit de préparer l' opinion aux changements qui s' imposent .
Nous avons ainsi pu expliquer notre travail et répondre aux questions concernant ce que l’ Union européenne et le Parlement européen peuvent faire pour nous .
Au fait , c' est moi qui parle ici , mais Duolingo est le travail d' une équipe géniale , dont voici certains .
your own helmut kohl also did his bit with the schäuble / lamers paper
C' est pourquoi j' ai le grand plaisir de vous présenter aujourd'hui le deuxième rapport annuel de la BCE .
Le monde sera très différent , quand ce sera la Chine qui décidera , et elle le pourra .
so i will concentrate on the second part of the report on the mechanisms to ensure cooperation between parliament and the commission
Ce phénomène n' est pas négligeable .
S' agissant du paquet " énergie - climat " , Monsieur le Président , nous aurons demain un débat dans cette Assemblée .
i have received six motions for resolutions
if you find yourself in the biggest cities of europe you can feel the threat of air pollution only too clearly
Ce qui est triste , dans l' arrangement interinstitutionnel actuel , c' est que le Parlement , s' il veut faire entendre sa voix , doit recourir à des tactiques inhabituelles .
this would enable nato and the eu to assess future scenarios and find ways to work together to prevent and manage crises
C' est un succès formidable , qui nous rapproche d' un espace européen unique .
on the contrary we want to see europe at the top and for that we need galileo
La politique des consommateurs et celle de l' environnement sont très importantes , de même que le fait que la santé publique soit considérée plus clairement qu' auparavant comme une part de la stratégie d' élargissement .
you can look at this right
they can indeed because we have no comparability between hospitals standards of hygiene
Nous espérons que l' interdiction du versement d' acomptes durant la période de réflexion et l' obligation de permettre des paiements échelonnés lors de la vente de produits de vacances à long terme constitueront , elles aussi , des évolutions positives .
in some respects you secured a good agreement
either way unless decisive measures are taken within weeks or at most months afghanistan will be on its way to yet another round of bloody conflict
Elle déborde de bonheur .
success will not occur overnight but progress has been impressive and is continuing
Je fais partie de ceux qui plaident pour une franchise totale des droits de douane pour tous les produits et qui s' opposent à ce que nous établissions une liste de produits sensibles parmi lesquels nous définirions encore des exceptions .
but it is important not to stop there
Je crois que c’ est vrai .
Il fit ce que je lui dis de faire .
Je citerai pour exemple la construction navale et même , dans une certaine mesure , l' industrie textile .
australia ’s productivity commission recently studied the value of such pre - commitment systems
she will appreciate even better than i how far scientific opinion on tses has developed
subject minority languages
Les plumes des pigeons sont blanches .
La présence des femmes dans la politique roumaine au niveau décisionnel après les élections de 2009 est d' environ 11 % au Parlement et le gouvernement ne compte qu' une seule femme .
mr leinen is absolutely right in saying this and a very important next step is to be taken in connection with the ratification and the referendums which will be held in a number of countries
Ces victoires n' auraient pas été possibles si nos groupes politiques n' avaient pas coopéré .
the professional politicians have made a mess
this almost phantasmagoric pessimism that affects many commentators many politicians and many members of this house is unjustified
Parallèlement , les activités industrielles de la phase de validation en orbite ont démarré en décembre 2004 .
in conclusion we would say that we are looking for a strong commission but a strong commission which is happy to be accountable to a strong parliament
Est -ce qu’ ils ont le droit de grève ?
so i trust we can count on the strong support of the european parliament which is crucial as always
and the picture from the book so when i -- i told the sculptor to use this bump pattern whatever you can to copy that
consequently i do not understand why the council persists in rejecting this instrument which is both necessary and sound
the big bang of 1986 in london ended the separation of banking functions in the united kingdom
La porte resta fermée .
on the other hand it is obvious that the subject of cabotage is more problematic
so unity is needed to rebuild africa
L' UE s' est donc tournée vers l' élaboration d' une constitution .
nothing is so pleasant as travelling alone
it will drive innovation
but this idea has created confusion among brazil ’s trading partners and investors and does not appear to be making headway
sources within the us administration hint that president barack obama might announce the outlines of an arab - israeli settlement sometime later this year
now when you ask people you know have you failed to achieve something
it is the old method of trying to get your way by might and main that was used in the wars of the past
i would like to ask you to elaborate on this in somewhat more detail in your response in your closing thoughts and let us know what you mean by this
Aujourd'hui , je suis estomaqué de voir qu' un seul résultat final est autorisé dans l' Union européenne .
- Monsieur le Président , c’ est l’ État nation qui est le garant de la démocratie en Europe .
for a moment there i thought he had gone mad
it is worth keeping in mind that all this is the result of the so - called european social model
it was a pretty little house strong and well - built
that admiration does not extend to the people they were responsible to
70 years ago it took one man to infect an entire nation with the power of we can
in scarcely any crisis - from afghanistan to iran to kosovo - do the transatlantic partners not come together to try to find possible solutions
mr president ladies and gentlemen the reservations expressed by the rapporteur mr alvaro were explained and discussed in detail by both of the committees to which this matter was referred
a fair bilingual education system will contribute towards better cooperation and understanding especially if tibetans learn chinese and han chinese people living in tibetan areas are at the same time encouraged to learn tibetan
Les différences entre États membres sont trop nombreuses et ce n' est pas tenable .
let 's say for the sake of argument my mission is to get 15 pies and i can get 15 pies by killing these cute little monsters
J' y sens un manque fondamental de confiance en leur capacité à bien gagner leur vie quelque soit la carrière choisie .
Et nous avons dédié -- nous venons de lever un nouveau fonds , nous avons dédié 100 millions de dollars pour ce genre d' investissements .
in some ways art can change the world
if you 're living in iran you 're facing censorship harassment arrest torture -- at times execution
parliament adopted the two legislative resolutions in two separate votes
i give the floor to the commissioner to answer mrs kinnock 's question
thirdly a rise in qualified costs from 40 % to 50 % is indicated
oral explanations of vote
Le Fonds européen d' ajustement à la mondialisation ( FEM ) est essentiel pour soutenir la réintégration des travailleurs licenciés en raison de la crise économique et financière mondiale .
today ’s mega - cities for example already have to confront dangerous heat waves rising sea levels more extreme storms dire congestion and air and water pollution
Quelles sont donc les questions les plus importantes ?
in neither scenario does it make sense to hold huge amounts of dollar - denominated assets today
smes must have better access to the framework programme and assistance and support must be given for technology transfer and innovation
the europe of the year 2000 must be served by parliamentarians able to devote all their time to giving the european parliament all its eagerly awaited and necessary legislative power
the disciplinary procedure to which he is subject is still on - going
J' ai prévu de le lui présenter .
finally i would like to mention the european citizens initiative
Cela veut donc dire qu' il est tout à fait probable que les activités de décontamination et de protection de la santé publique ne sont parfois pas aussi extensives que nous ne le voudrions dans l' idéal .
do your best
Monsieur le Président , le Parlement européen n' a guère souvent abordé des désastres naturels dans des circonstances aussi dramatiques et requérant à un tel point notre soutien .
Telle est la voie synonyme d’ un respect nouveau pour l’ Angleterre et l’ Union européenne .
Ou bien une nouvelle conférence de Yalta pour redessiner les frontières politiques de l' Europe serait - elle nécessaire ?
on climate change we had a very first exchange on climate change with president obama in prague
C' est une bonne chose et j' espère que nous approuverons ce règlement mardi .
Quand je suis arrivé , la fête était déjà bien avancée .
the growing number of mandatory targets such as legislation on co2 emissions requires continuous adaptation on the part of the car industry
Les sels de bain sont des produits qui peuvent être ajoutés à un bain .
madam president i have a brief point of order on the basis of rule 29 of the rules of procedure
that does happen from time to time in the hectic activity of the night sitting
in writing - i welcome the first mobilisation of the european globalisation adjustment fund for the 2008 budgetary year
the german team lost and now i am sad
cloning for research purposes deserves to be encouraged through appropriate funding of research within the seventh framework programme for research
referendums and constitutions belong neither to governments nor to parliaments but to the electorate
Je ne peux qu' être d' accord avec ces trois buts , mais je me dois de faire quelques remarques sur les objectifs spécifiques en matière de TVA et d' impôts directs .
L' Assemblée ne sera pas étonnée d' apprendre que la Commission ne peut accepter les amendements 3 , 4 et 5 , qui critiquent l' accord .
À ce moment - là , c' était notre mission historique .
Voudriez - vous être ami avec moi ?
no it 's worse than that
however we must admit that we have not been very successful so far since the number of rings has increased and we have recently received reports of abuse particularly of albanian and kosovar women
is this a tax - free shop
En effet , si vous apprenez à employer davantage la puissance douce , vous pouvez économiser énormément de carottes et de bâtons .
but they have done nothing to promote growth
reaffirming the cd ’s agenda offers the prospect of renewed negotiations on disarmament issues
this is important in order to ascertain the impact of the monetary policy and in particular to ensure that there are no persistent imbalances
Je veux dire , 100 % de morts est assez grave .
Chacun est incomplet car vous faites partie dans un réseau de relations .
fuck this shit
so we sucked up
Et j' ai bataillé avec ce truc -- comment passer autour du coin .
it will do it against the backdrop of the kok report which was blunt in its assessment of the lack of progress
Chose fondamentale , ce processus de paix doit aboutir à la réconciliation entre Israéliens et Palestiniens , mais également entre Arabes et Israéliens .
however no presidency has really begun until its programme of priorities has been launched before the european parliament
so i 'm thinking about how can we generalize the way we make all sorts of things so you end up with this sort of guy right
at the bonn conference in 1997 we dealt with a number of issues which at that time were very much to the fore and started on a series of legislative measures which are now available
this acquis is not static but must instead be developed
i think it would mr president - in - office of the council and i would ask him to do this
they form a major part of the portuguese presidency 's list of priorities so the honourable member can rest assured that we will be doing everything possible to address the justified concerns that he has expressed here
inside is part of our so - called productivity gain programme which was introduced in 2002 as part of the reform
Je ne peux pas vous empêcher de faire un joli site .
Je voudrais confirmer que la traduction n’ était pas terminée et dire à l’ Assemblée que plusieurs rapports sont retirés pour cette raison .
Si ce n' est grâce à l' eau , il n' y aurait pas de vie sur Terre .
Nous voulons juste nous assurer que les leçons concernant la discipline interne soient aussi bien apprises que les autres .
it should be noted that 1 114 of the 2 554 dismissed workers have not concluded primary school education
Une certaine exaspération se fait sentir dans le secteur du transport de marchandises par route , car chaque pays possède des règles différentes quant à la possibilité de transporter des marchandises en revenant d' un voyage vers l' étranger .
Et vous avez constaté certains des excès créés par la fièvre Internet et la même chose est arrivée .
what can the european union contribute here
was they created an entire marketing campaign around it
Ceux qui ne veulent pas partir n' ont pas besoin de le faire .
Je préfère défendre ma conception du bien qu' applaudir ce qui est mal .
we have been told that the law is inadequate in this new era of greater threat
they would take me about six months initially but then i started getting faster at it
if they are in any doubt mr schulz and mr rasmussen should read the 1996 directive on the posting of workers
Je voudrais néanmoins remercier vivement tous les collaborateurs qui ont soutenu ces discussions budgétaires .
in article 5 the council decision notes that there will be a transfer of mission from the un to the eu force once the formers mission has ended
Elle peut contempler le sens de l' infini et elle peut se contempler elle - même , contemplant le sens de l' infini .
Des campagnes d' information nationales destinées aux travailleurs étrangers sont un moyen de mieux faire connaître les règles de l' emploi aux travailleurs dans chaque pays .
Les organisations de la société civile devraient maintenant revoir leurs priorités avant qu' il ne soit trop tard .
this august they passed up the opportunity to mark the 90th anniversary of the start of world war i which led to calamities that echoed until the twentieth century 's end
i heard a young girl call for help
this compares poorly with the most recent estimate of a reasonably safe level of co2 emissions calculated by the united nations intergovernmental panel on climate change
Nous avons abandonné non seulement les femmes qui avaient signé cette pétition , mais également les femmes qui ont choisi entre-temps de se faire poser des implants .
D' un coup , ça a l' air plus grand .
in other words race has no basis in biological or scientific fact
here i am thinking in particular of the kerosene used in aviation
but considered more broadly the seriousness of today ’s situation is primarily due to europe ’s refusal to reform global economic governance compounded by years of political mismanagement and self - deception in the united states
L' idée était vraiment de tricoter ces cordages ensemble et de développer cette nouvelle infrastructure souple pour élever les huîtres .
we 've slightly lost the habit of doing that which is i think why we 're particularly drawn to nature
so what i did was i invented a hundred artists from around the world
now this is a rear - projected drafting table it 's about 36 inches wide and it 's equipped with a multi - touch sensor now normal touch sensors that you see like on a kiosk or interactive whiteboards can only register one point of contact at a time
it is important that these conditions be known and implemented as soon as possible
Ce pays est actuellement en train de mener un intense débat sur les réformes internes .
Surmonter ou non ces objections dépend de notre degré d’ optimisme concernant les avancées technologiques et économiques futures .
what does it matter they said a bullet does n't distinguish between a muslim and a christian
En langage de marin , on dirait qu' en matière de financement des ports maritimes , la tendance est à fermer les portes étanches .
one is what 's on the boston public library
the n+2 rule has been kept and there is no guarantee at least on the council ’s part that the money from the structural funds that has been cut and not implemented will continue to be used solely in this area
Je donne ce discours parfois avec Angela , qui vient juste d' être réélue au conseil de la communauté -- au conseil de la Fondation , avec près de plus de deux fois le score de l' autre candidat .
the european parliament must shout louder than ever in calling for consistency and courage as in the past
Les pouvoirs de la présidence nigériane sont étendus et l’ entourage de Jonathan a laissé entendre en plusieurs occasions qu’ ils les déploieront pour obliger les gouverneurs , y compris ceux du Nord , à rentrer dans le rang .
Chaque fois , nous retrouvons la même alliance , ce qui ne permet pas de progresser .
Nous devons faire de nécessité vertu et tâcher que les discordes du présent fassent place aux harmonies de l' avenir .
everything that can be done must be done to alleviate this human suffering
admittedly europe has certainly not stood still for the last two years
nato officials persuasively argued that their collective - defense commitment could not be delegated to a non - nato member
these intermediary financial organisations which have signed contracts with the european investment fund tend to favour early stage investments in high technology sectors such as information technology communications and the biosciences
Le profilage racial d' une minorité ethnique , par contre , risque de mettre en péril l' avenir des mineurs et de compromettre toute perspective d' intégration , ainsi que , paradoxalement , de criminaliser les victimes .
this is a simple and practical idea and there is a precedent for it
Je voudrais que la commissaire nous dise dans quelle mesure elle pense que les parlementaires européens concernés peuvent l' aider à convaincre les États membres à prendre les mesures qui s' imposent .
they are watching
Passons à présent aux explications de vote concernant le rapport Cappato , puisque nous avons déjà entendu M. Mitchell .
Alors , ce qui arrive quand on fait ça , quand on retire les couches de l' oignon , et quand on se rapproche de la loi qui les sous-tend , on voit que chaque couche a quelque chose en commun avec la précédente , et avec la suivante . On les écrit en termes mathématiques , et on voit qu' elles utilisent des mathématiques très similaires .
Sur la base des auditions , je pense que nous sommes prêts à l' accomplir et j' attends avec plaisir de voir le Parlement européen oeuvrer de concert avec l' équipe de M. Duisenberg à la construction d' un avenir commun et passionnant pour l' Europe .
do you want another cup of coffee sure make mine on the small side but be generous with my brother 's
everything is subject to the laws of nature
i 'm here today to show my photographs of the lakota
the best way to test this is to actually create a model
and congress did something
well i 'm going to show you a group of makers from maker faire and various places
alan johnston fell victim to this phenomenon
i have no excuse
in may 2001 the commission issued a common position making provision for political dialogue with nigeria to be strengthened
C' est là que le bât blesse .
Cela dit , étant donné que , comme le dit le proverbe , nombreux sont les chemins qui mènent à Rome , cette Assemblée a prévu encore plus de nouvelles approches , et nous devrions essayer de bien les examiner toutes au moins une fois .
the remainder will follow in a more detailed report next year
par écrit . - ( RO ) Les chances que l' UE et la communauté internationale changent la réalité basique de la Somalie sont très faibles .
i would never obtain the sustained approval of the commission if i stray from the treaty
mr hernández mollar that message will be passed on
what i have heard so far i have found highly unsatisfactory
she asked him out on a date
you made many wonderful comments about european citizenship and fairness and honesty
fifty years later socialism 's advantages marxism 's truth and the proletarian character of the party have all been unanswerably challenged
tackling the crisis has cost a great deal of effort and this is still continuing
Je vous donnerai une bicyclette pour votre anniversaire .
originally this was all solid with a hole in it
Aujourd'hui , la Chine possède la plus grande structure de gouvernement fédéral de toutes les grandes nations , hormis les États - Unis .
Bon , je suis sûre qu’ il y en a parmi vous qui se disent : " Attendez une minute . Elle n' a pas vraiment le physique d' un rameur .
À cela s' ajoutent les problèmes liés à l' élimination des déchets de réacteurs usagés .
Noël approchait .
Deux séances d’ une heure .
C' est très efficace .
De plus , la liberté en Amérique est indissociable de la liberté de pratiquer sa religion . C' est pourquoi il y a une mosquée dans chacun des États de notre union , et plus de 1.200 mosquées à l' intérieur de nos frontières .
mr president i should like in fact to reformulate the question
what struck me was this she had felt sorry for me even before she saw me
Et , dans ce contexte , je ne peux que me féliciter que nous puissions adopter , au cours de la même séance plénière , à la fois le « paquet prix » et le taux de jachère .
Il serait par contre plus judicieux de tenir prudemment compte des incidences des différents scénarios envisagés .
Donc , sans transparence sur les revenus et leur utilisation , les sociétés d’ exploitation deviennent inévitablement les cibles de la suspicion locale .
the report and the commission proposal strengthen each other
Tout au plus pourrions - nous accorder , avec beaucoup de générosité , aux produits renfermant des matières grasses végétales de qualités très différentes l' appellation « fantaisie au cacao » .
En conclusion , je voudrais rappeler combien il est important de préserver le patrimoine linguistique de l' Union et surtout de veiller à ce qu' il ne soit pas submergé à l' avenir par des autoroutes de l' information dont le contenu serait incompréhensible .
pattern thinkers music and math minds
on the contrary they may be harmful leading to an increased risk of mortality in people consuming them
D' après certaines recherches , la Roumanie est l' un des pays d' Europe centrale et orientale où la consommation d' électricité est la plus élevée .
Elle le tenta .
J' ai appris que le travail manuel , ça craint vraiment .
Au contraire , nous devons craindre une Europe faible .
L' UE porte aussi de lourdes responsabilités dans la politique suivie à propos de l' une des principales matières premières du secteur : le coton .
Pensons à l' avenir : le dragon face à l' éléphant .
and three years later it can be harvested to build buildings like this
fourthly the level of detail in the regulations in particular with regard to work and rest periods and how they are to be divided up and separated is a terrifying vision of bureaucracy that leaves almost no room for manoeuvre
that explains why we are so bad at using it but it also explains why it is so terribly important that we become good fast
Il nous semble aussi qu' on a tendance à faire silence sur la sécurité alimentaire dans le contexte de l' élargissement , plutôt qu' à rechercher une ligne d' action offrant des garanties au consommateur .
and i love the idea of something hidden
Je souhaiterais m’ inspirer d’ une citation d’ Albert Einstein , qui peut - être n’ est pas trop éloignée du sujet qui nous occupe : « La connaissance est limitée , tandis que l’ imagination est infinie . »
En tant qu' étudiant en troisième cycle , vous ne pouvez pas faire ça . Donc je me suis dit , oh mon dieu .
Mais ces personnes sont souvent mal prises en charge par les systèmes de santé .
En échange des territoires occupés sur les hauteurs du Golan , Israël et les Etats - Unis exigeront le désarmement du Hezbollah .
switzerland was mentioned
i admire men and women who must have experienced the deep sorrow that these victims have been through and who nevertheless come out and demand an end to the death to the violence and to the downward spiral
Si les centrales polonaises doivent acheter aux enchères tous leurs quotas à partir de 2013 , le prix de l' électricité augmentera de plusieurs douzaines de points , et de nombreux secteurs de l' économie polonaise cesseront en conséquence d' être compétitifs .
that is what the associations are telling us commissioner
Tu ne dois pas veiller si tard .
Cela dépend de la précision des réglages et aussi , en partie , des informations .
Cela peut entrainer notre puissant instinct à intervenir contre des maux lointains par des sanctions , des bombardements et la guerre .
i estimate millions of miles
Trente ans de théocratie , trente ans de destruction humaine systématique n' ont pas suffi à effacer ce souvenir qui reste gravé dans notre cœur à tous .
particularly valuable assistance was provided by norway switzerland serbia russia and israel
so these are circular trajectories where the robot pulls about two g 's
Je vais vous donner des exemples sur ces trois questions .
we have achieved a lot and also made a big difference
some of it 's transportation access
or some even included references to the speakers such as nathan myhrvold 's speaking style or the one of tim ferriss which might be considered a bit strenuous at times
my wrist and forearm hurt i think i might be suffering from carpal tunnel syndrome
Parfois même elles doivent amener l' eau de très loin pour faire la lessive à la maison .
and so i went to this and of course i was gratified that it picked up the 42 minutes of exercise elliptical exercise i did but then it wants more information
Monsieur le Président , en ce qui concerne l' amendement 18 , j' estime , à l' instar de M. De Coene et de Mme Green , qu' il s' agit bel et bien d' un ajout et je demande que l' Assemblée ait l' occasion de s' exprimer à son sujet .
the initial proposals of the bolkestein directive were however contradictory and in many respects ambiguous and wrong
in that case i shall act on her advice and hope that she was right
S' ajoute à cela la tension entre l' Iran et les USA , alimentée par la controverse sur le nucléaire et le conflit en Irak .
Nous allons précisément y parvenir en établissant un service de télépéage européen .
we want this house ’s resolutions to serve as a guideline for the commission too in further developing and dealing with this issue
Toutes ces mesures , Monsieur le Président , le commissaire compétent a cherché à les présenter sous un jour flatteur dans son intervention de plus d' une demi-heure , mais les agriculteurs en colère vont se mobiliser pour obtenir leur suppression .
Toutefois , ce compromis risque de s' effondrer , ce qui nous ramènerait à la case " départ " , si les amendements 37 et 41 concernant Almadén sont adoptés .
and the simple fact is if we are focused on ourselves if we 're preoccupied as we so often are throughout the day we do n't really fully notice the other
fortunately for latin america there is little indication that sandinista - style electoral fraud is spreading
Le gouvernement fait un avion ; et vous dit , va voir si celui - là vole , vous iriez ?
Par exemple , le principe du « pollueur - payeur » peut être soutenu afin de garantir des normes environnementales élevées au sein des projets .
Cela nous montre qu' il faudrait peut - être qu' on y pense davantage .
however the problems financing these programmes could cause significant delays in their implementation along with the inherent damage
i have so many ideas
Nous devons dès lors évaluer chaque mesure en nous demandant si elle atténuera ou renforcera ces tensions .
A l' instar du commissaire , je pense , je salue la décision du gouvernement suisse , annoncée au début de cette semaine , d' abattre un huitième de son cheptel bovin , bien que ce pays n' ait enregistré que 290 cas d' ESB .
but transnational threats demand multinational solutions and our partnerships help us to address common challenges
Mme Van Lancker n' entache pas , avec ce rapport très équilibré , le principe de subsidiarité .
Les données recueillies se sont toutefois montrées insuffisantes pour permettre aux scientifiques de réaliser une évaluation complète de l' état de santé du stock .
Par exemple , jusqu’ à la deuxième moitié du vingtième siècle , les membres actuels de la zone euro se sont régulièrement massacrés sur les champs de bataille .
in its annual reports which were presented to the council and parliament on 13 october the commission draws up a balance in this regard for the situation in the applicant countries
the motion tabled by the socialist group concerning the stoning of women a frequent practice in iran which is even inflicted on girls of 9 years old made perfect sense
Nous avons déjà 2 000 pôles en Europe , et je pense que ce programme pilote doit être poursuivi .
Par contre la proposition d' un audit annuel de la Réserve fédérale américaine est plus sérieuse .
many have taught themselves to use the term gender mainstreaming but just learning to use a new term does not bring about any changes
Le président de la Commission pourra nommer des commissaires sans droit de vote , pour assurer , s' il le souhaite , l' information de tous les États membres .
Mais ce n' est pas simplement une invasion étrangère des machines intelligentes .
to put it simply let us say that in terms of its advancement one quarter depends on european measures and three quarters depend on national measures
Nous devons toujours tenter de concilier la préservation et le développement .
Après cela est survenu le terrible tremblement de terre japonais , qui a causé de graves dégâts à l’ économie du pays ainsi qu’ aux chaines d’ approvisionnement globales .
Ma journée entière a été pleine de surprises .
Il sera de retour dans une heure .
Pourtant , il me paraît hors de question que l' Union européenne remette en cause des solidarités existantes et profondes .
En présentant l' Agenda 2000 , qui définit les orientations politiques pour le début du XXIe siècle , la Commission a affirmé hier son engagement à introduire l' environnement dans sa stratégie globale .
the members concerned have never listened to nonetheless they voted in favour of a document bearing no relation to truth or reality
i am a roman citizen
i might add to mr whitehead that i speak here now not just as a member of this august parliament but as a farmer
Parce qu' il est indispensable que les enfants et les adolescents ne soient pas exposés aux produits du tabac et que , pour ce faire , l' éducation et l' information sont des outils capitaux .
Ce sont deux droits dont jouissent les citoyens et il leur appartient de décider s' ils veulent adresser une pétition au Parlement ou introduire une plainte auprès du médiateur .
Les sondages d' opinion montrent que certains pays ont une approche plus économique et d' autres une approche plus culturelle .
we must course - correct
as with the artemis joint undertaking it is only just starting out
Enfin , comme je l' ai dit le 4 septembre , le livre blanc semble croire que la " gouvernance " peut fonctionner en faisant abstraction de la démocratie représentative .
no it is not
partly they did this by instead of building a fancy new factory they used the basement of one of their hospitals
this one is a circle and this is a square
a nurse wears white
let 's make sure our ideas of success are truly our own
Je me sens bien .
- Monsieur le Président en exercice du Conseil , vous avez reconnu que la feuille de route connaît une grave crise .
Jusqu' à récemment , l' opposition féroce de la Russie à cette idée représentait un obstacle sérieux parce qu' il exacerbait l' idée que la Russie considérait « sa proche ceinture » comme une zone spéciale d' intérêt et d' influence .
Il conviendrait à l' avenir de mettre l' accent sur cette innovation plutôt que sur des objectifs beaucoup plus ambitieux tels qu' un système commun de défense collective .
and let me tell you what it 's like to grow these cells in the lab
we get our individual rights by society protecting us from others not doing everything they can do but largely doing only what is legal
c' est à 1600 m. d' altitude , et j' ai grandi là avec mes 10 frères et soeurs et deux parents qui nous adoraient .
Je voudrais vous proposer d' examiner les différences entre ces deux principes directeurs dans trois domaines .
Dans ces conditions , il peut influer sur la politique étrangère , notamment pour définir l' attitude du pays à l' égard des USA , de l' Inde et de l' Afghanistan .
J' apprécie la correction rapide apportée par le commissaire Almunia à mon intention , par écrit et ici ce matin .
Je pense que la sensibilisation a un rôle très important à jouer ici .
a decision as to whether turkey may join will be made not before but during the negotiations
Le peuple égyptien mérite une société démocratique .
i am also delighted to find that we have exactly the same approach and are fighting to achieve the same results
Le deuxième point au sujet duquel le Conseil s' est montré quelque peu réticent concerne la question du rééquipement de véhicules anciens .
it is not only the wellbeing of this advanced region of china that is at stake but also our own wellbeing
mr president ladies and gentlemen mrs matikainen - kallström 's report deserves our full support
this book is for students whose native language is not japanese
C' était donc assez excitant .
they like variety they do n't like to stay in just one place
rapporteur . - ( EN ) Madame la Présidente , le rapport que nous avons examiné aujourd'hui a été approuvé à la quasi-unanimité par la commission des affaires étrangères de ce Parlement .
the proposed new directive now extends the scope of community law to inland waterways and we need to support such a move
Donc partez d' ici en réfléchissant à comment vous allez trouver les ressources pour mettre de l' argent dans les mains de femmes qui sont prêtes : des femmes d' affaires qui veulent s' agrandir et créer plus d' emplois .
Nous les connaissons .
with regard to the timetable today at the meeting of the security committee the proposal has been presented to the group of experts and the intention is that in two months time the report will have been produced
merely lowering interest rates did not and will not lead firms to invest more in these sectors
Pour l' instant , la Pologne bloque tout accord avec la Russie jusqu' à ce que celle - ci ouvre ses portes à notre viande et à nos produits agricoles .
Cependant , les présidences parlent de ces problèmes , passent et ne prennent aucune mesure concrète , et l' Union européenne languit et les citoyens continuent de nous demander moins de discours mais plus d' action .
incidentally i 've never understood the conflict between abstraction and naturalism
Nous avons démarré avec deux écoles .
the initiative aimed at improving the safety of road infrastructure is very important
Aujourd'hui ce procédé est déjà utilisé pour prévenir des maladies rares .
Ça pourrait changer mon comportement .
do you still want to give me a hug
Il n’ y a pas de rubrique tourisme sur le portail de l’ UE et Eurostat ne produit que quelques statistiques sur le tourisme .
Il a soulevé un problème .
Autre point qui vaut la peine d’ être mentionné : les difficultés auxquelles se heurtent les immigrées pour accéder aux systèmes de soins de santé , parce qu’ elles ont peur .
Le risque d' accident personnel du travail augmente à partir d' une durée de douze heures ou plus ; les travailleurs fatigués sont des travailleurs dangereux .
Et ça fait rire jusqu' à ce que - vous savez , les musiciens , qui sont des musiciens qui jouent du piano , écoutent ceci , par exemple , disent , " Je ne peux pas le croire ! C' est exactement ce que c' est que de jouer du piano . "
Je voudrais dire d' abord que je suis d' accord avec les montants adoptés par la commission des budgets .
and in the course of 30 days after a hospital stay for a medicare greater than 65 years or older is -- 27 percent are readmitted in 30 days
i am speaking on behalf of one of the four motors of the european economy lombardy
they represent branches of the human imagination that go back to the dawn of time and for all of us the dreams of these children like the dreams of our own children become part of the naked geography of hope
Ceci étant dit , en ce qui me concerne , l' ensemble de ces facteurs me permet , en fin de compte , d' expliquer pourquoi nous avons eu ce résultat - là à ce moment - là .
i am encouraged by the optimism of kofi annan secretary - general of the un on the chances of agreement on the proposed tribunal
dividing the member states into two groups - those who take part in phase one and those who can not manage to do so - will produce a two - speed europe
Je voulais juste vérifier mes courriels .
therefore an evaluation of whether to accept a candidate state for enlargement should include careful investigation of its illegal money - laundering activities
J’ espère que notre Assemblée reviendra bientôt sur le sujet des régimes de retraite .
a large majority in the committee on legal affairs agreed with this approach which is why we should adopt it unanimously
however we do not wish to contribute to making the eu into a centrally controlled police state
La stratégie globale de l' UE et des États membres doit avoir pour objectifs :
Ne soyons pas dupes ; ce n' est pas une stratégie européenne pour l' Afrique ou vice versa .
security is another challenge with the world facing traditional and non - traditional threats
Tu ne peux pas y croire .
if they have then that is a breach of the non - proliferation treaty and we demand their removal
Et vous n' avez pas besoin d' être un super-héros .
we 'll wait
Et elles l' ont perfectionnée à un degré bien au - delà de ce qu' on peut imaginer .
as you know we visited your office last week with maggie hughes one of the many thousands of brave victims of crime
Comme vous le savez déjà , ces mois prochains seront marqués par de nombreux changements institutionnels pouvant influencer le calendrier et les délais de présentation de notre travail sur le recours collectif .
certain african leaders have clearly stated the problems posed by some of the approaches we have fiercely defended
i wish to congratulate mr garriga polledo on his very skilful work for his considerable sensitivity to views from the various committees and in general for his efficient handling of our deliberations
okay now i 'm going to ask you to pucker up
Heureusement , la peine de mort ne se retrouve pas dans la législation de l' Union européenne et aucun gouvernement de l' Union , pas même le plus populiste , ne peut l' introduire .
Il permettra à la Commission de coopérer plus étroitement avec l' OACI aux fins de l' échange d' informations et d' un soutien mutuel en ce qui concerne les audits et les inspections .
La texte adopté à Lisbonne par le forum a été largement diffusé par les présidences algérienne et portugaise .
Savez - vous quel livre se vend bien en ce moment ?
Je n' arrive pas à faire venir les parents à l' école . "
Monsieur White leur dit : " la chambre sera à 30 $ , 10 $ par homme " . Chaque homme lui donna 10 $ et monta dans sa chambre .
Ce train se dirige vers New - York .
La commission du développement régional attend toujours la nouvelle proposition de la CE , parce que la proposition précédente a été rejetée par le Conseil .
i was greatly impressed by the speech
the eu and its member states have clearly indicated that the existence of any secret detention centres where detainees are kept in a legal vacuum is not consistent with international humanitarian law
Si c' était le cas , nous serions en bien mauvaise posture .
but at the moment the priority - let us make this very clear - is what we have on the table the 2004 countries and those countries in principle bulgaria and rumania which should enter in 2007
Permettez - moi simplement de poser une brève question secondaire : quand la Commission pense - t - elle qu' il pourra être possible de mettre en place un tel système ?
Je pense que nous sommes tous d' accord pour dire que nous devons insister dans la discussion politique sur le fait que les relations entre l' Asie et l' Europe sont extrêmement importantes et qu' une entraide est primordiale .
corporate profits are bursting at the seams of investors ’ expectations in virtually every corner of the world
i did n't mean it
Il m' a rendu visite chaque fois qu' il passait par Tokyo .
L' incinération n' est pas inévitable .
Où est tout le monde ?
Ils entendirent un coup de feu partir au loin .
the bank was held up last night
C' est comme un rodéo , ils sont tous sur la machine , et ils sont récompensés selon leur vitesse ou leur capacité à faire évoluer la machine .
Concernant les PME , les instruments de défense commerciale posent en effet un défi pour les PME , en termes de coûts et de complexité .
Deuxièmement , la subordination de l' extension au respect strict des obligations spécifiques stipulées par le règlement .
Par une telle procédure , le Parlement a réaffirmé à la Commission sa volonté d' atteindre une codécision totale en commission de l' agriculture et dans le domaine de l' agriculture .
Il est évident qu' il ne s' agit pas que d' une question de santé et de sécurité pour les transporteurs routiers , c' est également une question de sécurité publique , comme le dit M. Crowley .
but it was not the end of the exponential growth of computing
Celle - ci en était une .
do n't be that worried
for example a significant number of members are opposed to turkey being accepted into the eu and the arguments they put forward are rational ones
we have asserted europe ’s truly global role and responsibility whether it is in new york in montreal last week the gaza strip or in aceh indonesia
Nous devons réduire les coûts .
the news finally reached me last night
Il s' agit de républiques dont les frontières , dans le cas du Caucase , ont été arbitrairement dessinées par Staline , ou encore , pour ce qui est de la Transnistrie , modifiées dans le cadre du pacte Molotov - Ribbentrop .
L’ application du code pénal turc ne suffit toutefois pas . Ce dernier doit aussi faire l’ objet d’ une réforme , car il ne fait pas référence aux crimes d’ honneur .
everyone can feed the database to illustrate new vocabulary
Quand je peux le prévoir ou le planifier , je ne le fais pas
it mr president ladies and gentlemen there is no doubt that the inviolability of human rights is the real essence of all societies which indeed gives rise to democratic values
tokyo – 2010 marks the 50th anniversary of the signing of the japan - united states security treaty
education about diet and nutrition alone is not enough - it must be backed up with accessible and reliable information which people can easily use
On peut espérer une augmentation de l' aide , compte tenu de cette situation .
this is what college kids are more likely to have it 's the most popular voip service in the world it 's skype
we must do all we can to release from detention this brave and honourable woman
firstly we have a strategic planning and programming cycle ensuring an effective and timely delivery of our priorities and concentrating our resources on these tasks
Traduit de manière hasardeuse , cela signifie " la raison pour laquelle vous vous levez le matin " .
nj it worked and it 's true
there ’s a deeper problem politicians across the spectrum beholden to special interests are habituated to denying serious problems
Indépendamment de nos préjugés idéologiques , nous nous sommes comportés d' une manière qui a dû vous faire comprendre que nous prenions très au sérieux tant cette question que la façon dont se déroulent nos relations .
half of the increase or $ 25 billion per year would go to africa
Depuis nous avons eu WMAP , qui nous a juste donné une plus haute résolution angulaire .
the material was generated in two years of work i did for the secretary of defense thinking about a new national grand strategy for the united states
today we are discussing the new candidate for the future position of managing director of the imf
Ces craintes sont là et nous devons les prendre au sérieux car il s' agit de droits civils qui , pour nous , relèvent de valeurs fondamentales et ces valeurs , nous entendons également les défendre en Chine .
Si tu comptes réaliser ton rêve , tu dois travailler davantage .
the european union 's policies in the education & training and external relations fields have developed and the etf regulation therefore needs to be updated to take account of those developments
the proposed article on openness is a small step forward
when it proposes derogations the commission takes due account of the risks involved and looks to create safeguards
Le ralentissement de l' économie a déjà exacerbé les tensions sociales et les développements récents en Europe ont mis de l' huile sur le feu .
so this committee serves no real purpose
Mais donnez un triangle à un enfant , et il ne peut rien faire avec .
Je ne vois pas tout à fait en quoi cela est dommageable .
because it 's when we stumble or hesitate or lose our words that we reveal ourselves to each other
president vladimir voronin later granted the detainees amnesty
i hope the commission will address this issue
Les tribunaux devraient veiller à ce que les crimes de guerre soient punis .
on protein crops there has been a great decline recently - in fact in the last two years - in the amount of such crops
however it is at least 40 % and often more than 50 % and the situation on the ground is extremely difficult
and yet if you look at whale sharks which is the other plankton eating large shark its diversity is much greater
J’ espère que le brouhaha qui a accompagné mon intervention n’ est que l’ expression d’ une approbation générale , même si le Parlement peut avoir quelques regrets de ne pas avoir été totalement suivi par le Conseil .
Ma mère prépare mes repas .
this is not just about differences of opinion where specific policies are concerned it is also about where parliament as an institution should stand in the forthcoming debates on the reorientation of the community budget
Monsieur le Président du Conseil , ouvrez la boîte noire du Conseil , débattez le 16 et le 17 en public , que les citoyens européens sachent ce que vous allez vous dire !
you do n't fall in love with somebody because he 's perfect
Mais ce qui était intéressant sur la poste où je me suis retrouvée dans l' Arizona , c' était que je devais travailler avec ce groupe extraordinairement éclectique d' enfants dans une école vraiment publique .
Nous avons eu un excellent débat hier et il me semble que les amendements déposés par le Parlement sont ceux qui n' ont pas été repris par le commissaire .
Jusqu’ ici , cela a eu pour effet d’ aider les banquiers à toucher des bonus ( et non d' attirer de potentiels emprunteurs ) sans s’ exposer au moindre risque .
Les commentaires du commissaire Fischler il y a quelques instants à propos d’ Eurostat ne nous ont rien appris que nous ne sachions déjà .
i would like to address my second point to mrs roth - behrendt of the socialist group who referred to the fact that we should start as we would all be making similar points in any case
he quietly knocked at the door
the committee found that animals suffer from being unable to move freely and from the total lack of anything to do all day
another problem is the negative impact that eu market rules are having on regional and local authorities right to maintain and initiate services of general interest including social services
Elle tente d' imposer des normes à ses États membres , en vertu desquelles la protection de l' emploi , de l' environnement et des services publics est subordonnée au libre - échange et à la protection des grandes entreprises internationales .
zardari ’s sudden return fueled speculation about his future but more importantly about the future of civilian rule in pakistan
i would love to see this debate taken side by side with the debate tomorrow on national allocation plans in relation to our kyoto targets
with regard to the target values it is not acceptable for the commission to keep 20 days as the target value for the protection of human health
Nous devons apporter notre soutien au développement de la société civile au Belarus , et ceci comprend un soutien matériel et l' accès à une information indépendante .
ninety - five percent of drugs listed as essential drugs by who are off patents and may be produced freely
furthermore priority must be given to investments relating to education vocational training and sustainable employment and to the implementation of comprehensive programmes tailored to the small regions individual needs
some may argue that the european union ’s target of ‘ zero victims ’ is too optimistic and is indeed unachievable
Une politique de développement basé sur la croissance pourrait fonctionner plus efficacement en Allemagne que dans de nombreux pays de la zone euro pour lesquels elle est recommandée .
that said there is no question that the upheavals in both countries – and elsewhere in the arab world – largely reflect their governments ’ failure to share the wealth
the market should determine the pricing leaving customers free to choose
Ce sont les amendements 44 et 46 .
Voici le genre d’ endroit des méditants -- vous voyez c’ est plutôt inspirant .
Nous espérons que , dorénavant , la cohabitation pacifique sera la norme établie de la vie sociale et que la vie politique mexicaine se normalisera .
Des exercices de simulation doivent contribuer à préparer les différents protagonistes à une gestion de crise efficace .
Nous sommes bien conscients que plusieurs manifestations sportives importantes se dérouleront en 2004 .
Toutefois , le Fonds mondial a approuvé sa proposition sans réserve et s' est engagé à soutenir ses efforts en accordant une subvention de 18 millions de dollars sur les deux prochaines années .
Cela correspond toutefois à une idée de responsabilité européenne .
first of all it is unacceptable that the human economic and environmental damage resulting from the sinking of the is not taken into account in the raising of compensation
L' Union a également exhorté ce pays à signer et ratifier le traité sur l' interdiction totale des essais nucléaires .
there is a red rose in the vase
par écrit . - ( PT ) Je vote en faveur de ce rapport annuel sur l' égalité entre les femmes et les hommes dans l' Union européenne en 2010 et des recommandations qu' il contient .
Cet élément me paraît indispensable .
Cette méthode révèle la sélection en cours , qui opèrent sur une période aussi courte qu’ une seule génération . Elle permet donc de répondre à la question de savoir si la culture moderne a mis un terme à notre évolution .
En tant que commissaire , j' ai toujours vu clairement , et la Commission aussi du reste , que le Parlement souhaite faire plus dans ces domaines .
i put it to you mr president that it was only a matter of time
Celle - ci approuvée , le comité consultatif a reçu pour instruction de poursuivre son travail .
to this end the scope of the world trade organization should be extended through the negotiation of future global arrangements that reduce subsidies and both tariff and non - tariff barriers
allow me to conclude with a word of encouragement i would like to quote seneca who said in on providence that fortunately often the most dangerous enterprises are assigned to the bravest soldiers
Mon refus de voter exprime donc également mon rejet de toute une procédure .
Et je continue à penser que l' image dans Time Magazine sera celle avec les jumelles et laissera de côté le -- bon sang .
Les personnes les mieux placées pour élaborer cet instrument et pour présenter ce qui est nécessaire sont les personnes handicapées elles - mêmes .
Mais en tout cas , la crise a été évitée .
L’ explication tient aux mouvements des capitaux .
L’ harmonisation totale améliorera le niveau général de protection des consommateurs dans l’ UE et facilitera l’ offre de crédits transfrontaliers .
Il serait plus utile de résoudre ce genre de problème concret que de tirer des plans sur la comète de l' abolition des frontières .
Mais de plus en plus d’ éléments montrent que cette prolifération de moyens a d’ infinies conséquences néfastes .
Naturellement , Monsieur Kuhne , je soutiens la reconnaissance du jugement actuel de la radiotélévision de service public , mais tous les domaines doivent être inclus dans cette discussion et cela , de façon équilibrée .
Des auditions , deux rapports et d' innombrables résolutions ont motivé le Conseil et la Commission tout en ayant un rayonnement positif hors de l' Union .
but secondly to incentivize that inoculation by giving a kilo of lentils to everybody who participated
a gradual approach based on growing coordination of national regulations and regulatory practices at the cesr level appears to be the most viable alternative
i have lodged my papers with the court of first instance so i intend to fight a very robust case
moreover it is precisely in the diversity we have in europe that we shall find an important key to greater creativity
in my view the annual policy strategy which the commission communicated to us in february and which we discussed in april has lost none of its topicality
the rapporteur is pleased and i hope that parliament will accept the proposal as it now stands with satisfaction
but advocating engagement over isolation should not prevent friendly criticism and in davos i offered four reasons why russia will not remain a major power in 2020 unless it changes its current behavior and policies
and this is a raincoat that is made out of rice sacks
Ces jeunes gens , lorsque je leur parle , étaient soit déprimés , soit apathiques , amers ou en colère . Ils m' ont dit plus ou moins la même chose , " Nous sommes comme cela parce que nous avons l' impression que vous avez hypothéqué notre futur et il n' y a rien que nous puissions y faire . "
leave the room as it is
the sdr was introduced 40 years ago to supplement what was then seen as an inadequate level of global reserves and was subsequently enshrined in the imf ’s amended articles of agreement as the future principal reserve asset
that is not a matter of dogma for our group and we shall support it
i think it would be a good idea
everything which is said only reflects the position of the committee on petitions and not that of any political group or of me personally
Ces coûts devraient au moins être remboursés si nous devions imposer la moindre nouvelle obligation de conservation de données .
it is necessary to pull all these strands together and to strike an appropriate balance
we are asking for your respect and your solidarity
his company actually did a survey of firemen all across the country to try to learn how are they currently testing the air when they respond to an emergency scene
you need a license to drive a car
the subsidiarity principle is the best method of achieving the correct mechanism to allow the government and social partners to strike the proper balance
we need the resolve of the usa
En effet , alors que la BCE semblait avoir implicitement accepté un objectif de croissance économique , elle s’ est maintenue dans une ligne rigoureusement anti-inflationniste le 4 octobre .
Il y en a des dizaines de milliers comme ça .
otherwise people will become tools of the market rather than the market becoming a tool of the people
but it is not inclusive enough to serve as the syrian opposition ’s sole representative
Les nouvelles sont encore plus mauvaises sur le front des compétences budgétaires du Parlement . Selon les dires , il ne serait pas question que le Parlement obtienne le dernier mot sur les dépenses obligatoires .
Les élections approchent en Turquie et cette attitude pourrait mettre un terme au harcèlement du HADEP et lui donner la chance de participer à ces élections sur le même pied que les autres partis en Turquie .
in the mean time the parties have to respect certain obligations which the commission will oversee with the assistance of the monitoring trustees
J' aimerais insister sur ce point car il est essentiel de multiplier les choix de financement pour les entreprises nouvellement constituées .
and then people say we 've tried democracy it does n't really work
Je me souviens avoir introduit cette demande en décembre 1979 lorsque les troupes russes se préparaient à envahir l' Afghanistan .
Je crois que nous devons le faire remarquer à nos collègues du Congrès américain .
Ce pont était d' un type relativement nouveau , appelé " cantilever " , qui était alors en vogue .
but this is exactly what i did because i wanted to know what had turned my best friend into a terrorist and why she 'd never tried to recruit me
Il s' agit - et c' est magique - d' un petit sac de graisse . Il y a une batterie chimique dedans .
La Corée du sud en a fait l' amère expérience ces dernières semaines .
while their stated aim was to save the euro the government leaders involved did exactly the opposite producing increased nervousness and volatility in financial markets which in turn exacerbated ireland ’s problems
as we know the parties of the extreme right build themselves up by exploiting social problems job insecurity and unemployment
he is to be congratulated on that even if he is not present
C' est vrai , les taux d' erreurs sont trop élevés - et nous visons tous la perfection - , mais des progrès ont été réalisés ; l' UE a , de manière générale , réalisé des progrès et il convient de s' en réjouir .
Je dois me conformer aux dispositions de l' article 109 du règlement et de l' annexe II au règlement , qui couvrent la procédure des questions à la Commission .
De nombreux dossiers sont justement introduits dans cette perspective .
so could that be what 's going on with our whole universe
his explanation was n't satisfying
Il faut ensuite donner , surtout aux petites et moyennes entreprises , de bonnes conditions pour se lancer , croître et devenir des entreprises de plus grande ampleur - ou peut - être même simplement , se transformer en grandes sociétés .
but keep at it and keep on selling it better
La Commission se ralliera donc bien à vos amendements et elle apportera son concours pour parvenir à un compromis avec le Conseil sur ce point .
is the authority contributing to safety in aviation
there 's a small brown dog under this table
En revanche , nous n’ avons pas soutenu les amendements qui écartaient tout échéancier pour ce renforcement de la sécurité , parfois pour des raisons techniques , mais en laissant en fin de compte les États membres agir à leur guise .
both factors are needed
it is up to the railway undertakings to decide whether to do so more in the form of cooperation or of competition
Que l' on soit clair sur ce point , notre autorité morale serait un peu plus forte si nous ne disposions pas nous - mêmes de ces armes de destruction massive .
L' absence de gestion valable pour Leonardo peut être considérée comme une des causes principales de la crise que nous traversons actuellement .
Et il n' existe pas de gens jetables non plus .
Ils ont cependant rejeté les propositions que nous avions déposées en vue de réduire les exigences relatives au cofinancement , notamment en temps de crise .
Ses partisans , notamment ceux ayant étudié l’ émergence des économies est-asiatiques , ne jurent que par elle .
J' ai été piqué par des moustiques .
i regret the presence of the president of zimbabwe mr mugabe at the summit held in tripoli on 30 november and the absence of numerous european heads of state or government
Je me sens souvent déprimé .
how many bags do you have
but we know nothing really for truth lies deep down
Mes camarades de classe n' apprécient pas tous la nourriture à la cafétéria .
C' est pourquoi je vous exhorte à user de toutes les ficelles de l' information au public afin de faire connaître les cas particuliers partout en Europe , surtout quand ils sont flagrants .
La proposition de la Commission amende un texte qui date de 1992 .
we can no longer get away with subsidizing economic growth and standards of living at the expense of the global environment
Cependant , on peut s' interroger quant au fait qu' une fraction importante de la population de Malte , que nous accueillons dans sa totalité à bras ouverts , a certaines objections et préoccupations .
Les relations entre l’ UE et la Turquie débutèrent avec un accord d’ association signé en 1963 .
an external action service is constructive - as it says in the treaty of lisbon - when it is clearly subordinate to you baroness ashton and also of course when it collaborates closely with the commission
À présent , la Commission est désireuse de s' atteler à la tâche et d' effectuer le travail qu' on lui a confié .
L' Honorable Parlementaire aura compris en écoutant mes réponses précédentes que l' Union européenne et en tout cas le Conseil des ministres , entrevoit la possibilité de développer des relations avec l' Albanie et de l' influencer de cette manière .
Bien sûr , ensuite , vous remplissez le CAPTCHA car vous nous aidez à numériser un livre .
we can not indeed plan to punish those who download music from the internet just for personal use
well good morning ladies and gentlemen
mr president in the short time which is available to me i should like to look at the kuckelkorn report
the region is already full of tension and burdened down by suffering in myriad forms as a result of the open machinations of powerful states and the zones of influence that they are striving to regain
my archive 175 films my 16-millimeter negative all my books my dad 's books my photographs i 'd collected -- i was a collector major big - time it 's gone
one of the ways the member state governments could stimulate the private initiative is to create an environment conducive to the growth of high quality economy
Nous regrettions d' avoir constaté que le projet de directive contenait une discrimination à l' encontre de cette importante catégorie de machines .
Il a fait le tour du monde .
C’ est un engagement que je suis heureux de réitérer aujourd’hui devant vous .
Aide - moi et je t' aiderai .
mr president i would like to express my thanks to mr holmes for his work and join in wishing him a speedy recovery
Ces étoiles sont normales , comme le soleil . Leur âge aussi .
that is not disposal
she 's engineered an umbrella so she can -- bam -- slam the door
the whole emerging world joins the western world with good child survival and small family size
L’ Union européenne et les États - Unis mettent en place des stratégies communes pour lutter contre les menaces émergentes comme le terrorisme , la prolifération des armes de destruction massive , les États voyous et le crime organisé .
Dans l' ensemble , cela signifie que 4,3 milliards d' euros étaient prévus pour ...
L' empereur pria pour le repos des morts .
Moi , je ne l' ai jamais fait .
if i understand correctly amendments nos 56 and 57 concern conditions for granting licences for port operators to undertake self - handling
now why do i show a cauliflower a very ordinary and ancient vegetable
we need to support developing nations by having bilateral treaties with them in order that they can have a market for their goods
( RO ) Je tiens à remercier près de 500 de nos collègues qui ont voté hier contre l' utilisation de techniques au cyanure dans l' industrie minière .
whom is the european union supporting with that attitude
i am sorry but i have to interrupt you now
the three of us are working with a distinguished group from all corners of the euro - atlantic region to develop these and other concrete steps that are essential to creating a genuine security community including its economic energy and environmental dimensions
what kind of person is she
once dismissed as an artificial language esperanto has gained the respect of a new generation of linguists as the most successful planned language of all time
Notre planète reste trop militarisée .
Symbole il y a , puisque le Parlement européen et les Nations unies ont aujourd’hui l’ occasion d’ affirmer et de célébrer les valeurs qu’ ils partagent au service du bien public .
Êtes - vous fatiguées de vivre ?
none of these will work
Il y a de moins en moins de gens qui sont encore disponibles que vous pourriez infecter , et puis vous obtenez le plateau de la courbe , et donc cette courbe sigmoïde classique .
Ne croyez pas que je suis prêt à abandonner un projet que je considère comme un préalable pour relever les défis de l' an 2000 dans les meilleures conditions .
wikileaks founder julian assange has suggested that the documents could form the basis for prosecuting war crimes committed by us forces against afghan civilians
L' oiseau était couvert de plumes blanches .
En 2002 , 634 personnes ayant exprimé une opinion politique ont été arrêtées .
we can not accept that the only solution to crime and violence is crime and violence itself
Elle a dégringolé de l' escalier .
Cela fait plus de 25 ans que le Parlement européen a soulevé cette question pour la première fois .
J' ai dit : « Eh bien , je laisserais tous les élèves travailler à leur propre rythme sur quelque chose comme ça et nous leur donnerions un tableau de bord . »
nor is it acceptable for eur 2 million to be allocated to ineligible material in the sector of ....
i think there is clearly opposition to this vote so i can not accept the amendment
this pig at 10:06 was having a heart attack
and even if you disagree on both counts the current approach is also flawed technologically
Là aussi , à nous de transformer cette volonté en actions concrètes .
On ne peut prôner la liberté de commercer tout en refusant de préserver les libertés individuelles .
moreover the arid triangle formed by israel palestine and jordan can not meet its water needs unless yet another dimension is incorporated into the solution
Je me réjouis vivement des propos tenus par le commissaire ainsi que de la teneur du rapport , et j' attends avec impatience que des actions musclées s' ensuivent .
Je remercie les présidents du Conseil et de la Commission des moyens qu' ils ont mis en oeuvre pour rendre possible un débat qui , j' en suis sûr , sera riche et profitable à tous .
Ce n' est pas si compliqué -- les immeubles de plus d' un étage sont construits près du trottoir , afin que les gens -- vous savez , toutes sortes de gens , puissent accéder à l' immeuble .
Devinez qui était l' invité ?
La Commission n’ a pas pris position sur les modifications aux règles régissant la fréquence des distributions postales ( voir la question orale H-1135/05 ) .
and they 're not necessarily you know great ways of looking at the entire world
Il n' est pas excessif de dire que c' est un génie .
the ecb ’s decision to provide the banks with unlimited liquidity does not solve governments ’ debt problems nor is that its intent
Montrez - nous que vous êtes en mesure d' obtenir gain de cause et vous aurez alors droit à nos plus vifs applaudissements !
Où pensez - vous que j' ai fait sa connaissance ?
if we consider the recent scandals the big question is whether the commission would have been able to prevent them
this is true for us as it is for the americans and in the case of the tax - related subsidies for exports the united states has already undertaken to abide by the rules
Ce n' est pas respectueux , et ce n' est pas adroit de penser ainsi .
i believe that proper analysis in respect of increasing capacity and building institutions on both sides of the eu 's borders as proposed by the rapporteur will contribute towards the implementation of this instrument
that part of their objectives will not receive my support
we want to know that it 's better than the best currently available treatment that we have
we need ladies at all levels and i wish them well
On ne sait pas comment l' appeler .
therefore we also need to look at the sustainability of economic development when discussing renewable energy sources
what are the commission 's proposals in fact
Le développement d' un tourisme durable pourrait s' avérer être un bon moyen de tirer parti de la valeur économique des espaces naturels tout en rassemblant des moyens utiles à la protection de ceux - ci .
J' ai une vague idée d' où ça se trouve .
D' autres grands défis se profilent dans la région des Grands lacs .
it is therefore vital for this community action programme to fit into a general context which also maintains a strong social security system and allows for economic growth that creates sustainable employment
Mais , comme M. Le Foll l' a fait remarquer , un fonds de 300 millions d' euros a également été mobilisé pour donner la possibilité aux États membres de venir en aide aux producteurs les plus touchés dans le secteur laitier .
Cependant , la recommandation a été adressée la semaine dernière dans l' attente d' une clarification par la Commission de certains points encore ambigus .
Je suppose que cela signifie que jusqu' à présent , il a retenu ses coups .
if you share a marker with someone it means you share an ancestor at some point in the past the person who first had that change in their dna
in issues of taxation of this nature the european union has no competence
thank you very much mr santer
we are already struggling to achieve what we have proposed
L' année dernière , pourtant , il était déclaré que le tracé était parfaitement clair .
one last issue which is very important if we are to speak of resources there is talk of allocating some resources on the level of the european union
while there is a plan to raise and then eliminate the 20 % threshold this is left to some future unspecified date
the organisations which are to blame for what happened have admitted their guilt as they have paid out compensation for the deaths of 15 248 people
oh really when did he leave
look bangladesh catching up with india
J' ai alors proposé d' appliquer la même chose pour rechercher la vie dans l' univers .
let us choose natural gas it can be found in the north in the barents sea area as mr pohjamo said
Notre tâche aujourd'hui est de permettre l' accès le plus large possible à l' éducation et la mise à jour permanente des connaissances .
at the time that this was going on the last thing on my mind was art project
Je me suis décidé .
Avec la chute des prix de l’ immobilier ( qui risque de se prolonger ) et l’ incertitude des banques quant à leur position financière , les prêteurs cesseront de prêter et les ménages d’ emprunter .
Je suis fatigué , c' est tout .
europe is about content and not about window dressing
on the other hand it is crystal clear that the financial limits of the possible commitments will have been reached unless more money is made available
and last but not least development without access to energy wo n’t happen
mais bien sûr , vous ne faites pas que ça -- il y a 15 tartes .
i 'm feeling better
i remember how in conversation with a spanish national legislator – a very experienced one by the way – he told me that nobody could understand community directives
Il ne vise pas à créer une Irlande unifiée ( catholique ) , un pays basque indépendant , ni même un état palestinien , mais une vue métaphysique du monde et de ceux qui la représentent .
Celui qui ne voit rien d' étrange n' a jamais regardé un homard en face .
this legislation is necessary if we are to offset the impact of the dramatic rise in air transport
digital technology is the opportunity for the revival of these vocal chords that he spoke so passionately to congress about
( SK ) La Slovaquie , État membre de l' Union , a adopté le système de valeur de l' Union européenne , ce qui signifie qu' elle devrait également respecter les principes de diversité culturelle et linguistique de la Communauté .
he negotiated a lower price with the real estate agent
however what we and farmers throughout europe are seeing is that the price for their product will be set by the lowest - cost producer outside the european union
accumulated profits should be used to finance the distribution of work amongst all with no decrease in wages no precariousness and no flexibility
fossil - fuel investments are also taking place through financial intermediaries and this is not being accounted for by the bank in its annual energy sector figures
actually it was liberalisation not privatisation and the two are quite different
Aujourd'hui , nous devons répondre à la question de savoir si cet objectif peut être atteint .
Il est temps de s' en aller .
Au lieu de mettre l’ accent sur l’ aspect pompeux du projet , Speer Jr a mis en exergue son côté respectueux de l’ environnement .
Je pense que nous avons donné une impulsion importante à ce mouvement .
among the activist community in jakarta the most successful organizations are those that draw support from the women ’s wings of muhammadiyah and nu muslimat fatayat and aisyiyah
En France , par exemple , une réforme constitutionnelle a engendré l' instauration de réglementations qui autorisent le président de la République à nommer les directeurs des chaînes de télévision publiques ( Groupe France Télévision , France 2 - 5 ) .
Si l' Iran se laissait aller à cela , la région , déjà instable , deviendrait encore plus dangereuse et cela lancerait probablement un processus de mise à mal de la non prolifération dans le monde entier .
we know that when it comes to the 2011 budget parliament has made a number of concessions with regard to its initial demands
so my question to you is what conclusions are you drawing from this
J’ attends avec impatience - et confiance - des progrès prochains dans toutes ces matières en rapport avec la directive des services , que je suis si ravi de le voir soutenir .
therefore we agree upon the basis that is to say that we agree that amending budgets should continue to exist and that this parliament should have something to say with regard to all of them
but you know what it 's very very regular
i wonder whether you have obeyed those rules
Une bourse européenne transformerait l' actuel " non-marché " des barils - titres en un marché réel efficace , réglementé et surveillé basé sur de véritables barils de pétrole .
or do we want to offer our knowledge so that other sovereign states that are willing to invest in this sector can at least do so safely
those are just a few of the reasons why i have supported this report and voted in favour of it
Conformément aux articles 24 et 38 , nous avons aujourd'hui compétence pour conclure des traités qui engagent l' une des Communautés ou les États membres isolément .
indeed by march 1999 the decision to go to war was understood to be correct because all other possibilities had been exhausted
this is a carrot approach without the stick
J' ai dit au prof . Kurokawa : " Les architectes ont dû se mordre les doigts en constatant leur erreur lorsqu' ils ont posé celle - ci à l' envers . "
mrs roth - behrendt like the ambitious politician that she is has used the occasion to include some other issues in her report
expulsion of immigrants has not
Les privatisations sont souvent marquantes au plan politique et impopulaires .
more than 30,000 cubans signed the varela petition requesting a referendum on basic rights
of course agricultural liberalisation will benefit some developing countries
in my view the classification of mental disorders as a form of public policy making poses exceptional challenges
Je tiens toutefois à attirer l’ attention du Parlement sur une question importante soulevée dans le projet de rapport , à savoir la base juridique du règlement .
excuse me for interrupting you but would you mind opening the window
at the same time i should like to clarify that the overall concept needed must take account of the principle of subsidiarity
they 're now called kickstart
the sitting was suspended at 13.38 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m.
L' auteur a pu presque supprimer complètement toutes les traces .
finally i would like to emphasise once again that i am convinced that the eu - canada summit will deepen the already close political relationship between the two parties
matters could get worse in 2011 as rising unemployment cuts household consumption
i thank everyone for their cooperation and assistance
- Monsieur le Président , le régime iranien est coupable de nombreuses violations des droits de l’ homme en Iran et nous pensons que la politique modérée adoptée par certains gouvernements européens a été un lourd fiasco .
the attack on 30 march was not the first time that opposition party meetings have been brutally broken up
J' ai été bien plus occupé que prévu .
we had valuable discussions in bamako and in edinburgh and this parliament i am sure will take the acp views into account
in the future it will be possible to have programmes not only in the individual zones eligible for structural aid but in all the regions of the eu
indeed recall the terrorism in beslan in september 2004 in which a single attack on a school killed over 330 people
why is it that she looks so sad
Nous pouvons inclure la force forte en séparant les deux directions de sa charge et en représentant les charges des particules de cette force par des quarks le long de ces directions .
it remains to be decided whether or not airlines will be financially compensated
mr maccormick thank you for highlighting this point
Par conséquent , je crois qu' il serait pertinent qu' après la présentation qui va être faite aujourd'hui en commission du contrôle budgétaire , nous puissions présenter ce rapport en séance plénière demain .
i do n't want to waste your time
so if we had some way to stop this scaling -- and so i picked up some shells on the beach and i asked them what is scaling what 's inside your pipes
Nous ne parlons pas de lever le pont-levis .
however europe 's lack of unity is worrying
J’ eus beaucoup de chance d' être témoin du changement de cette Afrique du Sud en une nouvelle Afrique du Sud au fil des années .
for the people working in the ports this port directive only causes them
Je voudrais dès lors demander aux États membres de l’ UE et aux États - Unis de présenter des mesures en vue de restaurer de toute urgence la confiance dans le traité de non-prolifération .
as mr medina ortega quite rightly states the directive therefore clearly needs urgent revision
the practicalities of airline operation mean that some overbooking is unfortunately unavoidable
Vous le savez , la Mauritanie fait partie de la convention de Lomé , et par conséquent , elle est censée respecter les droits de l' homme et , bien entendu , bannir l' esclavage .
but the truth is nobody really knows and that 's the point
we have therefore asked the commission to provide a definite answer based on an investigation which is apparently under way and take measures if necessary
mr prodi also announced greater transparency but his draft regulation signals a clear backward step and that is not only my assessment but also that of the european ombudsman
♫ well you 've been so ♫ that 's innovative do n't you think
Les États devraient avoir pris toutes les précautions possibles pour protéger les travailleurs exposés en appliquant la directive de 2003 , en faisant fermer les usines , en neutralisant les sites contaminés et en dédommageant les victimes et les populations locales .
in my proposals i have developed some of the points and gone further than the council wishes i am more specific on some points
after christmas the work now begins again
Les industries nouvellement crées en Afrique du Sud et dans les pays voisins devront être protégées .
Le Parlement a mis deux ans pour tenter de réglementer le secteur du marché des fruits et légumes , sans résultat jusqu' à présent .
i ca n't tell you how happy i am that you 've come to visit us
he 's addicted
sk european electricity and gas consumers have the right to a universal service that is the right to be supplied with a specified quality at reasonable prices that are easily and clearly comparable and transparent
and while the europeans have formally kept to their decision to begin accession negotiations with turkey they have done little to advance the cause
Ce qui se passe autour de ce mur est intolérable .
but the buildup of conventional military forces – driven in large part by the enormous military might deployed globally by the us – must be addressed as well
i am well placed to deputise for my colleague all the more so because the subject is that of working conditions on which i myself have had plenty of opportunities to work
L’ UE doit enfin jouer un rôle de pionnier afin que la 61e session devienne non pas une cérémonie inutile mais une consultation efficace et crédible , produisant des résultats équitables et , plus que tout , concrets .
Cela vaut aussi pour l' intention prêtée à certains gouvernements de l' UE de voir le soi - disant concept de “ partenariat privilégié ” inclus de façon explicite dans le cadre de négociations en tant qu' alternative à une adhésion complète .
to have that powder blown up your nose is rather like being shot out of a rifle barrel lined with baroque paintings and landing on a sea of electricity
Cela a déjà été dit , mais nous devons à présent vraiment faire passer le message aux autres États et continents .
Il convient de noter que tout ce qu' on entend par " délits terroristes " tombe déjà sous le coup de la législation pénale en vigueur dans tous les États .
given the safety features of those units they could very well remain in operation until at least 2015
let me now turn to the fifth and last point regarding the commission 's role in promoting exchanges of best practice involving policy on domestic workers
on the other hand as commissioner nielson mentioned we should not forget that humanitarian aid is of the essence
do n't judge others we have the spectacle of christians endlessly judging other people endlessly using scripture as a way of arguing with other people putting other people down throughout the ages religion has been used to oppress others and this is because of human ego human greed
Ma chatte est restée coincée au sommet d' un arbre .
L' hymne de l’ Écosse est appelé " La fleur de l' Écosse " .
the european council 's endorsement is very good news programmes action plans and consensus are all very well but they will not just produce investment at the drop of a hat
unfortunately she could not be here today
En conclusion , notre dictionnaire pour décrire le cancer est très , très pauvre .
de mr president i would like to vote in favour of mr swoboda 's proposal even if mr cohn - bendit can not imagine this working perhaps because it does not sit easily with his style of political work
this would seem to me to be inappropriate because exemptions can no longer be justified within a self - financing system
the doctor says she suffers from rheumatism
the spirit of the oslo agreements is possibly every bit as important as the letter of them
sadly the family of qalandars depended on this bear
Elle avait cette boîte incroyable qu' elle transportait , et à l' intérieur il y avait un torse de femme , la moitié d' un torse , et elle enseignait , partout où elle allait , ce à quoi ressemblait un vagin en bonne santé et ce à quoi ressemblait un vagin mutilé .
Pour le dessert , de la glace ou des cookies achetés au supermarché .
i would like to know whether you will be coming back to the resolution on haiti
ladies and gentlemen with the decision which i have mentioned the european union has opened its doors and windows not only to serbia but also to kosovo
Et voilà probablement votre façon stéréotypée de penser à un garçon et une fille .
En mars 2005 , la police est violemment intervenue dans une manifestation célébrant la Journée internationale de la femme .
Il économise de l' argent afin qu' il puisse aller à l' université .
according to independent investigations carried out by gallup these requirements were not met
Ils sont allés à la plage .
i know we can do better
there is discrimination against elderly people and people with disabilities who are given - or not given - financial support just because they are over or under 65 years old
now to start with i should say that we are eating way too much meat in the western world
À ce propos , je crois que nous pouvons accepter cette proposition à une large majorité sans autre formalité .
the cat was basking in the sun
let me start by thanking the shadow rapporteurs who spent this morning working on the motion for a resolution that will be presented tomorrow we have all worked together to ensure that the motion is balanced and forward - looking
i agree that closer involvement of the european parliament 's committees in this work could be useful in improving the quality of ias
domestic workers often occupy a real position of trust
but that 's what we 're limited to at the moment
Je suis sûr qu’ elle peut justifier ces chiffres .
La valeur des perspectives financières proposées par la Commission dépend des rapports de force entre les autorités budgétaires à l’ avenir .
Comme vous le savez , la Commission a interjeté appel contre le panel de l' OMC sur la viande aux hormones .
Bien qu' il ne faille pas exagérer les avantages d' Internet , il permet toutefois de réduire les frais des entreprises , d' augmenter l' accès à l' information et de créer des opportunités .
as i have said we shall investigate and there will be an explanation
on one point we were unable to share the ombudsman 's view
it is also a question of trust
hamas understands the political obligations that it must meet in order to be fully accepted in the world community but its leaders prefer to wait until they are fully empowered before exploring these issues
Il est cependant impératif que nous nous préoccupions de la situation des enfants non seulement aujourd'hui , mais tous les jours .
Selon le dogme existant , les augmentations de salaires doivent rester bien en deçà des gains de productivité , faute de quoi l' inflation reprendrait .
incineration may increase as stricter controls are put on landfill but it does not go hand in hand with recycling and environmentally friendly waste - disposal methods
Nous nous efforcerons de travailler à ces dossiers en tentant de mobiliser des ressources financières suffisantes , d' instaurer progressivement une politique commune en matière de retours et de réaliser une gestion intégrée des frontières extérieures .
Ceci pourrait générer des tensions financières à moyen terme – et des mesures protectionnistes à court terme .
Nous ne pouvons pas choisir le futur , mais nous pouvons le manoeuvrer .
attempts to revive the oslo peace process – the “ road map ” and the annapolis process – have similarly failed to achieve more than vacuous declarations and hollow photo opportunities
the council has always regarded social dialogue as enormously important
La proposition de l' UE était bonne ; elle allait dans la bonne direction , et nous aurions aimé l' améliorer .
Imaginez les enfants les plus lents de la classe .
such a development would increase the legitimacy of the ecb 's decisions
we will continue to monitor the situation pending the examination of the decree by the italian parliament
Le vote aura lieu à 12h30 .
Je songe à la politique énergétique finlandaise , qui combine le renforcement de la compétitivité et la réduction de la dépendance vis-à-vis des pays voisins , en accordant une plus grande attention à l’ environnement et aux objectifs de Kyoto .
Si tu prends ces médicaments tu te sentiras mieux .
the differences involving principles and techniques are inseparable
Nous devons l' espérer et , peut - être , prier pour que cela arrive .
today we are debating three reports although this is a joint debate they can not all be considered in the same way as their substance has to do with different responsibilities which need to be taken into account appropriately
furthermore attributing this new area of competence to the court of justice would surely increase the court 's caseload which is already excessive
as is usual on such occasions there will be a lot of lofty speeches about europe
Elle est sortie faire les magasins pour des chaussures .
this is a blight that is taking hold on european society
indeed we are next - door neighbours and we can play a role in that respect not by building houses over there but by organising a true peace conference
Nous avons également vu les problèmes soulevés , récemment , par la nomination du gouverneur de la Banque centrale et , il y a quatre ans , par celle du président de la Commission .
in the end i understand that it has been watered down in the final resolution but i still think it is worrying that something like this can come out of the un
Cette proposition facilite d' une manière tangible les déplacements dans l' Union européenne pour les ressortissants des pays tiers titulaires d' un visa D de longue durée délivré par un État membre .
Derrière la réforme de la PAC et Agenda 2000 , c' est un choix de société que nous avons à faire .
Le concept de droits de l' homme a aujourd'hui été élargi pour couvrir de nouveaux aspects , sa définition est devenue sémantiquement plus riche , et il est de notre devoir de défendre ces droits .
and savings are particularly good for developing countries
greece has clearly made a great effort and i therefore have nothing to add to the positive results highlighted by mr goebbels in his report
mr titley your complaint will be immediately passed to the office of the president with your request that they should respond to it immediately
for approximately 15 minutes nobody came for it
L' élargissement est aussi avantageux pour l' Union européenne que pour les pays candidats .
just recently in ireland someone was being deported even though the person 's daughters would be subject to female genital mutilation
how are the hungry to export food to europe when they have nothing to eat themselves
En 1985 , il y a eu une fuite à Hinkley Point .
i would argue too that the notion that social security is simply a safety net needs to be avoided and that in reforming our social security systems we have to give particular attention to eliminating poverty traps
Monsieur le Président , ce n' est pas à proprement parler un amendement oral , c' est plutôt une précision factuelle et si personne ne s' y oppose je voudrais qu' elle fasse l' objet d' une correction dans le texte de la résolution commune .
i 'd like to buy a picasso
there is a mismatch between what science knows and what business does
Cette caisse est trop lourde pour que je la soulève seul .
Vous pouvez supprimer 90 % d' internet et ça continuera de marcher .
so i 'm looking at this i see the athletes that have appeared in this issue the sports
En mars 1991 , la résolution 686 de l' ONU fixait les conditions de ce cessez-le-feu .
the train for birmingham leaves from platform 3
because the treaty has not come into force indeed it was rejected comprehensively by irish voters last year
Les futures demandes de dénominations de nouvelles fibres textiles doivent comporter les données scientifiques disponibles sur les réactions allergiques et autres effets négatifs sur la santé humaine possibles .
Parce que l' obstacle majeur à dépasser , c' est la confiance .
i will end with syria by replying to mr moorhouse on the issue of human rights
( SL ) Monsieur le Président , la Bulgarie et la Roumanie ont satisfait aux conditions fixées et vont adhérer à l' espace Schengen en raison de leurs propres mérites .
it 's for you to decide
Les institutions qui transmettent des informations ou des documents classifiés au Médiateur doivent informer celui - ci de leur caractère classifié .
today oil is the most important source of energy in europe mainly due to its widespread use in the transport sector
and it 's really hard to conjure up much of a sense of well - being because it just keeps getting worse
he always walks with a rifle
Cette proposition résoudrait donc le problème menaçant du financement de l' élargissement à l' Est .
Pourtant , le président Obama est rapidement passé à l' action après l' attentat manqué de Detroit , et le général Petraeus a effectué sa troisième visite au Yémen en un laps de temps très court .
Oui , Monsieur McCreevy , s' il vous plaît ?
Arrête de te conduire comme une enfant !
we are not creating new community legislation to impose sanctions
Une transparence à petite dose appelle inéluctablement à davantage de transparence .
Il ne fait aucun doute que l' intégration régionale sera renforcée dès que toutes les régions auront signé des accords complets adaptés à leurs besoins spécifiques .
Si des élections libres et régulières s’ organisaient dans un pays arabe , quel qu’ il soit , l’ islam en sortirait gagnant .
all possible steps must be taken to preserve the biodiversity of cultivated plants
although the agencies may not have triggered the global financial crisis such actions on their part have nonetheless exacerbated it
they will be allowed to negotiate a greater degree of self - government but the eu and nato are forcing them from the outset to accept mr milosevic as their head of state
those pictures we use to analyze how much carbon how the forest is developing and we can monitor every tree using satellite images through our cooperation we can use these data now to provide other regions with recipes and the same technology
Ce type de coopération n' existe pas dans le domaine sportif .
senators manage a roughly 100-member staff and a campaign staff of several hundreds
how much change does piñera represent for chile
we therefore can not agree to several of the demands made by mr mohamed alí nonetheless there is one point in paragraph 11 point f which if amended does seem very interesting
Notre instituteur est strict , et pourtant , il est gentil .
Nous devons reconnaître les victimes .
it has also transpired that we are performing better in the field of innovation whilst investment in research and innovation has more than doubled
Sinon , nous quittons le discours rationnel .
Il est évident que cela peut se traduire par des mesures qui compliquent la vie des gens au quotidien .
it seems to us that this was the underlying motive behind mr patten 's proposal for the rapid reaction facility
we have taken many concrete steps in that direction in both cases through our common position in cuba and the measures we have taken against iran and libya
we are against this particular point
L' objectif des comités consultatifs scientifiques est d' apporter des conseils impartiaux et réfléchis au processus politique .
Les enfants sont souvent très doués pour apprendre des langues étrangères .
Premièrement , mettez - vous l' incinération des déchets dans la catégorie des énergies renouvelables ? Nous avons besoin de clarifier cette question .
Commissaire , je pense que vous avez répondu à ma question .
at present all technological innovations are protected by their patentability but software development gives rise to copyright which protects its intellectual property
she also speaks french
Il n’ est pas uniquement question du volume de financement communautaire , mais de l’ action future en général .
these are the considerations i wish to leave for the rapporteur as confirmation of the highly positive approach both the commission and i myself take to the views expressed
president - in - office of the council - madam president we are all aware that we are continuing to suffer from one of the most severe financial and economic crises for many years
this is really little different from the council 's position involving thirteen years
evidence - based monitoring of progress data - collection on mobility and career patterns are also foreseen
mr mulder as you very well know this is not a point of order
it is not just about huge amounts of development money the aid needs to be sustainable
mary burst into the kitchen
unless this is the case any talk of reconstruction is likewise to no avail
so in the united states since the advent of treatment in the middle of the 1990s there 's been an 80-percent decline in the number of hiv - infected children
moreover other people have to work on fridays and not to want to work on fridays sets a very poor example to everybody
Si la Commission l' emporte , ils seront obligés de ramener à terre toutes leurs captures et de faire entrer leur quota dans le quota national .
and in a way without us even noticing has ended up standing on the precipice of its own extinction waiting for us to give it a big boot and knock it over and get rid of it
Nous en avons relevé plusieurs et notre volonté politique est de parvenir à les relever tous .
À mon avis , cela pose un problème de fond : sa probable illégalité mais , néanmoins , avec la protection de fait grâce à ce règlement .
if given the financial support that the wahhabis received these forces could reverse the current drift to fanaticism
Je soutiens un règlement qui encourage la concurrence et l' expansion de la génération d' électricité .
Entre autres , certaines confessions protestantes , comme les baptistes et mennonites , qui n' avaient pas été reconnues par le passé , ont pu enregistrer des congrégations populaires .
it also requires that at least eight million american workers who are now employed in construction consumer services and related industries find new jobs in export and import - competing industries
the one positive feature of the reforms – a scheme aimed at ensuring equal radio and television airtime for parties during electoral campaigns – was tainted by serious legislative omissions
Nous avons pu le voir à la manière dont on s' est adressé à Mme Mazzoni .
Les budgets 2012 et 2013 seront des budgets de consolidation , dont l' objectif est de refléter les coupes dans les dépenses des États membres , et serviront de point de repère pour les limites à imposer dans le prochain cadre financier .
this apple tastes very sour
we did not offer any criticism we only asked questions
Et alors qu' ils les font tomber de manière répétée et recommencent , l' apprentissage survient comme un produit dérivé du jeu .
Les bons résultats du Conseil en sont l' exemple le plus récent .
you can swallow this completely integrated device
Clinton pouvait associer expression théâtrale , récit d’ anecdotes et capacité globale à véhiculer des idées – qualité qu’ il a , d’ après son cabinet , développée et améliorée tout au long de sa carrière .
our teacher is a sincere person so i look up to him
regarding the structure of the budget we have to improve its degree of informativeness it must be clearly evident what the costs and achievements of individual policy areas are
standards are part of that not just in europe but also in the world as a whole
Je crois donc que notre proposition est tout à fait raisonnable .
La transparence est liée à la possibilité d' utiliser efficacement les bandes de fréquence inutilisées .
La question tourne surtout autour de l' arrêt Laval , une affaire où le syndicat suédois est allé trop loin .
Le rapport équilibré du Parlement sera une importante contribution à ces discussions .
Je ne te connais pas .
Le meurtre du cinéaste Theo van Gogh il y a deux ans et demi par un assassin islamiste a provoqué un débat déchirant sur la culture nationale , bien établie , de la tolérance et d’ accès facile aux demandeurs d’ asile .
Nous devons être attentifs , de nombreux députés l’ ont été dans leur intervention , à la question de la lutte contre le tourisme sexuel impliquant des enfants et de son éradication .
that is regrettable in that the effect of development cooperation will suffer
but then once we have the pixels then you can play with them and play with color and movement and gravity and rotation
which bring me full circle and points directly to the core issue the overproduction and overconsumption of meat and junk food
and the community the medical community there said we 've said this for the last decade we know this
Nous devons disposer d’ une économie qui convienne à tout le monde .
institutional investors fraudulently opened millions of accounts in order to manipulate prices
Ses efforts commencent à porter leurs fruits .
Je pense en effet que la Commission est tenue de respecter le droit et non de se livrer à des finasseries politiques .
Notre Parlement , s' il l' adopte demain , devra suivre attentivement sa mise en oeuvre ; elle se transformera petit à petit en un élément essentiel de la coopération de l' Union avec les pays ACP . Nous devrons y être particulièrement attentifs .
what we need is tighter control on processing to ensure that malpractices are prevented in future
bearing this in mind it is also very important that tomorrow we will be voting on the committee 's amendment no 18 which i initiated becoming part of the final opinion of parliament
Il s' agit pourtant d' un sujet important , touchant des domaines où l' Union s' interroge , comme la protection des ressources naturelles et la relance de la politique de développement , ou les nouveaux objectifs pour l' agriculture et la pêche par exemple .
it is essential to raise the retirement age
Donne - moi un exemplaire de ce livre .
policymakers are understandably reluctant to go down this road
Le réaménagement de l' espace aérien européen permettra justement d' y parvenir .
it is about time we got back to using them
Nous relevons le défi et nous œuvrons en faveur d’ un accord en première lecture .
those institutions that survived will hold a stronger market position than ever and they will resist a systematic overhaul
Avant la crise financière déjà , il était évident que la Chine ne pouvait tenir indéfiniment sa trajectoire de croissance à 10 % ou plus .
finally i am pleased that agreement has been reached on labelling
Cela semble un argument valable .
election campaigns are invariably used to intimidate minorities
C' est une hyperbole quand les militants appellent de tels mouvements " l' autre superpuissance mondiale " , et pourtant les gouvernements les ignorent à leurs risques et périls .
they would be in a peculiar position because they would find that non - member states were involved in a free movement arrangement which as member states they were not part of
Le Conseil s' inquiète également des travaux et arrangements préparatoires aux élections locales planifiées .
Les écarts de taux d' intérêt des obligations d' Etat italiennes et espagnoles ont chuté de façon spectaculaire , les émissions d' obligations d' entreprise ont repris et un sentiment de normalité se propage lentement sur le continent .
thirdly in the negotiations that are now beginning europe 's position is weak because it is unbalanced and appears to be biased
perhaps the council would then be present at debates such as the one we are holding today
Nous sommes tous d’ accord pour dire que les médicaments pirates - je suis tout à fait d’ accord avec ce qu’ il a déclaré - sont un fléau qui tue surtout , bien entendu , dans les pays les moins développés .
Une fois arrivées au Royaume - Uni , elles ont été forcées de travailler comme prostituées , effectuant des journées de douze heures six à sept jours par semaine .
Elle pourrait même constituer une discrimination liée au sexe .
my colleagues in government are expected to demonstrate this by means of sustained reforms that foster meritocracy transparency and accountability
Quand une maladie cardiaque frappe pour la première fois homme ou femme , la moitie du temps c' est une mort subite .
Je suis ravi de les rencontrer .
C' est pourquoi j' ai voté pour ce rapport .
Un certain nombre de députés européens de groupes politiques très différents ont déposé des amendements qui ont amélioré ce rapport .
C' est la raison pour laquelle il est préférable à ce stade d' approuver les amendements qui vont dans la bonne direction et qui donnent également aux Pays - Bas toutes les chances de conserver leur droit à restreindre la publicité .
Monsieur Ford , votre suggestion aurait pu être extrêmement intéressante , j' aurais pu la faire moi - même , si M. Dell' Alba avait déjà été là .
this was suggested both by parliament itself and by various disability groups for very real security reasons
Dès le 4 octobre , si la CIG décide de rouvrir les accords , nous recommencerons à nous battre à propos de son contenu .
in this regard we must utilise synergies in order to achieve maximum quality and cost savings
it is not the previous one it is a new one they have rejected a modified question for the second time
please learn the lessons listen to what this institution has to say on the issue and come back to us with a decent proposal
Ainsi que le demande le rapporteur , il est souhaitable , là aussi , d' appeler le secteur bancaire et financier à l' instauration d' un code de bonne conduite respectant le principe de gratuité de conversion lorsque celle - ci est obligatoire .
european construction must be built on the will of the peoples composing it and that same will must never be alienated
i do not believe that the obligation to provide information about energy consumption will interfere in any way with the freedom of expression and the provisions concerning the mass media
Mon oncle a une ferme dans le village .
sur les rives d' une rivière appelée l' Indus , qui se trouve maintenant au Pakistan .
Le système et la législation sont en place et nous les utiliserons .
it would say to them that if they try to invest money in preserving their elephants they will not get back any revenue
i do not wish to go into detail on all of the council 's decisions but i do want to ask about buildings which is the second biggest item of expenditure after staff
Cela mérite le respect et j' apprécie beaucoup l' implication dont vous avez fait preuve ici .
the security benefits and strategic advantages for the eu with turkey as a member would be many starting with the relationship between the eu and nato of which turkey has long been a member
even within the context of professional investors burying information in what i would call legal spam is unacceptable
it also has specific practical outcomes as regards the correlation of employment policy with supply and for planning the direction of vocational training for future employees
Nos deux institutions travaillent sur ce sujet , vous le savez , depuis plusieurs années et dans de nombreux contextes différents .
after world war ii europe managed to build cooperation between the peoples of europe amidst hatred and ruins
that is why i believe that there is no risk of fragmentation indeed the european commission will be vigilant in preventing any kind of fragmentation of the single market
Nous voulons tous réduire les coûts , nous voulons tous réduire les gaspillages , nous voulons tous réduire la pollution , mais je crois que la question aujourd’hui , c’ est le lieu du siège du Parlement européen .
you can solve your problem
La chanson parle de ce qui je pense a été mes premières tentatives d' enfant en quelque sorte de réfléchir aux forces invisibles .
Madame le Président , les peuples d' Europe , qui ont tellement souffert , dans leur chair de la guerre , ressentent une immense inquiétude face aux événements du Kosovo .
and they 're missing out on the real value of an architect
Nous devons essayer et viser un système dans toute l' Union européenne qui soit aussi facile et rentable que celui des États - Unis .
Lors de la procédure de conciliation relative à la proposition pour une deuxième directive sur le blanchiment d' argent , les délégations ont offert leur soutien à cette proposition de compromis , et la Commission en est dûment reconnaissante .
Ils ont dit " Peut - on faire une campagne de publicité , Que peut - on faire pour encourager l' utilisation de la banque en ligne ? "
as i said however the partners through which we are channelling money are primarily the united nations and the world bank
Le maillon fragile , tout le monde le sait entre-temps , est le candidat proposé par le gouvernement belge .
Cela signifie toutefois aussi que nous pouvons éliminer la dimension informelle et la division entre la droite et la gauche en politique .
Il est absorbé à lire des romans de détectives .
which cap beneficiaries are prepared like the uk government to make public the information about where the money goes
to this end we must also address the issue of how to prevent laws on security being in force in one community country but not in another given that our borders are open
the rise of nuclear power in europe paralleled its post - war economic prowess
Vous pouvez l' amener en Asie .
the vote on the gutiérrez - cortines report will take place on wednesday at 12 noon and the vote on the prodi report on tuesday at 11.30 a.m.
Du genre , qu' est -ce que Tony Blair mijote en privé avec son coach vestimentaire ?
haiti ’s proximity plus the fact that close to a million haitians live in the us goes some way towards explaining why americans have responded so generously
La première chose , c' est les cascadeurs virtuels .
Comme elle , le Conseil est préoccupé par la situation politique en Bosnie-et-Herzégovine - je l' ai dit - telle qu' elle a été décrite par plusieurs des intervenants .
in this way a substantial part of the money they had raised would go to the most effective charity in each category while simultaneously encouraging transparency and rigorous evaluation
J' estime que le droit d' auteur a pour objectif de protéger les titulaires de droits d' auteur et que ledit objectif serait plus aisément réalisable si ce point était accepté dans le rapport .
alongside economic freedom which is a spatial freedom the constitution therefore carefully describes social objectives
Les élections irakiennes ont accentué encore plus les pressions .
fiscal harmonization must be decided by a qualified majority for this purpose
Standard and Poor estiment à 518 milliards ( 40 % du PIB ) les sommes nécessaires au règlement de leurs emprunts peu rentables .
Je vous demande très clairement ceci pour qui l' administration est-elle là ?
it means giving up long - established but outdated positions in the interests of working faster and better than before despite the increased complexity of the system
.- Le est favorable à la motion de censure visant la Commission , à condition que l’ on démontre que la Commission n’ a pas assumé ses responsabilités dans l’ affaire Eurostat .
in the light of the agreement amendments nos 1 to 7 are no longer applicable
Elles incluent le cancer , les maladies cardiovasculaires et le diabète .
mr mccartin also mentioned that point
Dans la mesure où quatre amendements à peine ont été proposés , le vote de demain devrait se dérouler sans encombre .
i said the same thing here in parliament two years ago and you voted to discharge by a large majority
Activer optiquement cette centaine de cellules ou presque dans deux espèces de mouches , a des conséquences radicalement différentes .
that concludes the item
fifty - two per cent of british women prefer chocolate to sex
i would like to convey their thanks to parliament
J' espère que ce débat pourra briser l' indifférence de la communauté internationale .
we should - and this will undoubtedly play a part in the next round - reconsider very carefully when extending the euro zone whether we can continue with this policy
we are waiting in eager anticipation for the individual member states ’ lisbon action plans while being no less eager to find out what is in the financial perspective and the budget proposals for all these programmes for 2007
if these decisions were to involve further aid they would obviously have to be notified under article 88(3 of the treaty
des sanctions dissuasives et uniformes .
Je sais que le temps passe et que nous avons déjà discuté longuement de cette proposition .
Cette différence a sans doute plusieurs causes , mais l' une d' entre elles est très certainement la rigidité qu' introduisent des taux d' intérêts et de change unifiés , appliqués à des économies dont les besoins restent très différents .
firstly i believe that there is no justification for the fact that no differentiation whatsoever has been made between aspects of road traffic legislation and of employment legislation
i am also glad that this strategy was included in the eighteen - month programme for the coming presidencies of the european union
indeed they did for a while but they started again because as soon as one set of legislation is established fraudsters will then move on to something else
the concept of geographical indications was thus familiar and names had already been registered at national level
Et combien paieront - ils pour ça ?
continued crackdowns would result in a military dictatorship while an accommodation with the protest movement would produce some kind of consensual semi - democratic government
Le marché pour ces films est donc plus grand .
C' est une question politique mais , selon moi , vous devriez réfléchir au fait que ce sont probablement les plus pauvres parmi les pauvres qui doivent payer pour la malhonnêteté des autres .
in the situation of reduced quality it becomes appealing for patients to look across the border
i myself can identify two points where the evaluation was wrong but i think that will be the case with new instruments as well
Et c' est , dans un sens , dans l' autre aussi , je pense , plutôt beau . Cela montre d' une certaine manière , la turbulence dans ces zones urbaines , dans ces différents endroits du monde .
Et vous remarquerez peut - être qu' ils portent des gants très épais .
Il me faut les clefs .
Il est possible que les communistes chinois partisans de davantage de libéralisme économique soient également plus réceptifs à une société plus ouverte .
if you 're not pregnant you can take a loan out from us
De nos jours , on se débrouille avec la vie et ses épreuves de façon individuelle ( un mot nouveau dans notre vocabulaire de base ) sans se soucier du désir d’ uniformisation d’ un quelconque Kremlin .
the united kingdom had obtained a derogation of the regulations on maximum hours of work and on night work of adolescents
the shield laws are our laws -- pretty much a patchwork of state laws -- that prevent a journalist from having to betray a source
Cette coopération est importante non seulement pour nous sortir de cette crise , mais encore plus pour nous en éviter une autre .
i 'm sure things will work out
Le temps n' a aucune division qui marque son passage , il n' y a jamais de tempête ni d' éclat des trompettes pour annoncer le début d' un nouveau mois ou d' une nouvelle année . Même lorsqu' un siècle commence , ce ne sont que nous , mortels , qui faisons sonner les cloches et envoyons des salves de fusils .
the fact however that on as important a matter as that of passenger safety the council is unable to reach an agreement with us is disgraceful and we need to say so in no uncertain terms
RB : Je ne pense pas que je pense beaucoup à l' héritage .
Je ne vous permets pas de me dire comment élever mes enfants !
M. Van Velzen , qui fait partie du groupe du Parti populaire européen , a demandé dans un journal néerlandais le soutien du groupe des libéraux pour l' adoption sans modifications de la position du Conseil .
nuclear power stations too must be temporarily closed down or supplied with protective mechanisms at the turn of the millennium
Sur d’ autres sujets , comme le commerce , les distinctions entre les candidats sont nettes .
in answer to our questions i would very much like to hear from ms reding how she will draft an ambitious strategy for our coming four years
Mais puisque l' on demande maintenant le report du vote , nous disons « mieux vaut tard que jamais » et acceptons très volontiers cette demande .
it is not right to channel any additional resources for developing research to the private sector in the form of incentives rather than to public research centres
Vous me permettrez peut - être simplement de souligner ce qui suit du point de vue de la politique industrielle : Je pense que nous sommes d' accord pour dire que nous avons besoin de Galileo et aussi qu' il faut lui trouver un financement .
on behalf of the pse group - madam president thank you very much to mr kaczmarek and to the commissioner for his response to the report
the distinction between therapeutic and reproductive cloning is a semantic ploy
to conclude the ppe group supports the council 's guidelines on security under the new stockholm programme
but within that limit of 1.27 % it is very difficult to see adequate resources being provided to ensure that this enlargement will satisfy the applicants and their citizens
Il progresse bien dans ses études .
Je voudrais commenter les propos de M. Bertens .
J’ ai voté en faveur de ce rapport .
i am quite sure that not only ms van brempt but also at least 300 other colleagues are listening in their rooms because there is the opportunity to listen to the debate there
Et bien , Darwin nous a appris qu' il existe des processus d' auto - organisation , qui suffisent à expliquer notre existence et celle de tout ce que nous voyons .
despite there being signs of economic recovery the situation remains difficult and the end of the economic crisis still seems a long way off
now is the time that the european union is being called upon to set an example and confirm its leading role
Cela signifie que je me sens particulièrement responsable pour ce qui est des quatre derniers mois de cette année - là .
Il y a un peu de vent .
if that were not enough there was input from a monitoring group and four other committees
my sister jogs every day
we should also pay heed to lowering energy consumption through renewable energies which will provide a solid basis for the sustainable future of the relevant countries
Il est doué pour la musique .
we share the blame if the democratic and peace - loving forces are weakened
in the information society in which we now live propaganda is counter - productive
while this would not end the abrogation or renegotiation of contracts it would eliminate one important reason them benefiting countries and companies alike
i agree with the idea that we need a stronger foreign policy for the institutions in terms of content
À ce sujet , je voudrais revenir sur quelques points .
there must be sanctions for this otherwise what we have is a paper tiger
participation in the european union 's information society projects is very important
you ca n't run a society by the lowest common denominator
L' être humain ne doit jamais devenir un moyen pour arriver à une fin .
we know however that the care and treatment and the therapy he needs if he is really to be restored to full health will scarcely be possible in a turkish prison
it reshaped the demography of the globe in a way that no war ever has
Cependant , l' étude met en lumière plusieurs pratiques douteuses liées aux activités des agents , comme par exemple le paiement de commissions secrètes et l' exploitation de jeunes joueurs .
mr president with regard to the accession of cyprus we should be pleased by the result of the vote in the committee on foreign affairs 55 in favour and just 2 against
Il est donc nécessaire que la Commission réexamine la répartition des affectations de fonds . Il convient également de prévoir des règles relatives au cofinancement .
my name is john
a solution of a different sort is the removal of trade barriers
he exchanged seats with the next person
melbourne – google has withdrawn from china arguing that it is no longer willing to design its search engine to block information that the chinese government does not wish its citizens to have
L' année dernière et celle d' avant , nous avions demandé à la Commission de prendre des mesures pour aider les agriculteurs de l' Union européenne , qui se trouvaient dans une situation désespérée .
we were reluctant to believe it but it later transpired that they were referring to a very simple little plate capable of heating a jug of water in half an hour
so why is it that we have a billion people who ca n't find food
i suspect that many more lives will be lost
La commissaire européenne , Mme Bjerregaard , peut - elle également le soutenir de manière explicite ?
ou des problèmes devant être résolus par des promesses électorales creuses , de présidents qui vont et viennent .
under the mechanism provided for in my report each body has its rightful place the commission may raise doubts about a remedy but can not completely reject it unless bert also delivers a negative opinion
so the hardest thing for me was the kinesthetic thing of looking at my hands through two mirrors laying on my back and not able to move at all except for my hand
i really think that this subtitle explains what somebody like me who 's sort of a darwin wannabe how they actually look at one 's role in sort of coming into this field of health sciences and medicine
Mais je suis né en Iran ; je suis à présent citoyen américain , ce qui signifie que j' ai un passeport américain , et que donc je peux voyager .
so after looking at these three and 47 others we concluded that the stirling engine would be the best one to use
politics should not exert pressure
Pourtant , MSF n’ a réussi à collecter que 650 000 euros en deux mois de campagne pour le Darfour , contre 40 millions en une semaine pour l’ Asie .
in its explanatory memorandum the commission drew attention to the budgetary impact for member states establishments if socrates is opened up to the associate countries of central and eastern europe and cyprus
my amendment of the legislative proposal on the design and placing of these soft protective barriers at these black spots is not therefore gratuitous
here we can clearly see from empirical studies that network access is by far the best way to achieve high percentages of renewable energy rather than the other methods that have been undertaken in those countries
Et donc , je voudrais dire que dans ce cas - ci , l' avion qui s' écrase sur une centrale , c' est évidemment le risque de défaut .
par écrit . - J' ai voté pour le rapport , qui s' avère excellent dans l' ensemble .
and so i actually live in canada now so i 've been visiting one of my local glaciers
Toutefois , le Conseil se trompe de débat .
Je ne t' ai pas vue .
we need to know why certain member states have not correctly implemented these directives
if necessary it will submit the necessary proposals at a later date
Nous ne parlons pas d' un code pénal européen ; ce n' est pas ce que nous voulons .
over the next five years the european commission will have to address major challenges
Je dois obtenir la permission de mes parents pour t' accompagner à la danse .
Mais on reconnait ici facilement ce qui fait l' unicité de ce site .
that is why our report when it went through the committee on foreign affairs proposed the idea of bringing kazakhstan potentially one day as a possibility into the enp
L’ économie mondiale constitue un tout interdépendant : les difficultés rencontrées par toute région importante de cet ensemble se transmettent à l’ échelle planétaire .
thanks to these restrictions we will achieve greater safety on the roads and better driving conditions for all road users
mr president may i introduce a further thought
Tout indique la nécessité d' un succès pour le régime - maintenant plus que jamais - en ce qui concerne son programme nucléaire .
Selon moi , il ne fonctionne pas , et j' estime que M. Fogh Rasmussen s' est effectivement mieux débrouillé que l' euro .
i believe that the new supervisory powers and procedures will strengthen this parliament
the future of europe depends on minorities
clearly enlargement will entail short - term costs but i am completely convinced that we shall see financial gains
there will be no peace either in kosovo or elsewhere for as long as milosevic remains in charge of the yugoslav regime
C' est un peu démodé .
Les arrestations et les poursuites pour atteinte à la sécurité de l' État ont augmenté de façon significative depuis le 11 septembre 2001 .
what is more research shows that consumers spend eur 300 million a year on new chargers because they are automatically included with the purchase of new phones
i approve this report taking into account the amendments proposed by the group of the progressive alliance of socialists and democrats in the european parliament
Bien que je comprenne ce que vous dites , je ne peux être d' accord avec vous .
firstly i would like to mention the establishment of the position of minister for foreign affairs who is the european union ’s voice on the international stage and who guides its foreign policy
do n't you have anything better to do
L' engagement américain , en particulier celui de Condoleezza Rice , est très précieux en ces temps difficiles .
heavy goods traffic between the european union and the candidate countries is increasing steadily owing to growth in trade
if we first have self - regulation on the part of service providers and personal responsibility on the part of internet users everything should be done to facilitate this
however there are other things going on
in consultation with these partners and in response to this crisis the commission will be providing up to eur 1 million for a two - month operation
Alors pourquoi ne pas attendre les résultats de l’ IFMIF avant de construire ITER ?
and governments must respond to the banks ’ threats by declaring their willingness to let insolvent banks be judged accordingly
Afin d’ empêcher la partialité et les accidents à l’ avenir , il est nécessaire d’ établir des règles communes pour le déploiement d’ agents de sûreté armés à bord des avions .
Il faut aussi réformer un mode de gestion archaïque , source d' injustices , de gabegie et de gaspillages .
even if people might think that lists can clarify a generic term in practice they do the opposite for lists are limiting and disregard other possible aspects implicit in the generic term
is it “ depression ” “ recession ” or finally “ recovery ”
one key reason why reform has been taken more seriously in the ceecs is that they have applied for membership of the european union and know what this entails
i have the impression that we can already express our condolences
greater internal autonomy could be given to the regions which have an albanian majority
there is another reason why your visit is especially significant at this time
Il faut en effet y mettre fin et je demande aux huissiers de procéder de la façon que M. Tomlinson a souhaité .
J' espère être reçu aux examens .
Il est également important d' améliorer la coordination , non seulement entre les États membres , mais également au niveau international avec les Nations unies .
Notre petite équipe de négociateurs essayait de mettre fin à une guerre qui avait coûté la vie à presque 300 000 personnes .
Imaginez , à nouveau , si l’ histoire avait pris un tour différent , si Saddam Hussein avait accepté l’ offre de dernière minute de l’ administration Bush , l’ exil plutôt que la guerre .
Un mot sur le projet de création , aux portes de l’ Europe , des centres dits d’ assistance aux réfugiés , qui sont de véritables camps .
L’ excitation est toujours bonne car vous y êtes plus que défié .
they wanted us to think critically
Parallèlement , les phtalates causent un développement anormal d’ autres tissus dans le corps humain , y compris ceux du cerveau .
the fact that tomorrow we will be able to take a decision on stricter and clearer rules for economic governance is extremely important not just for the countries within the euro area
Pour réussir la compétitivité en Europe , nous avons besoin d' un processus institutionnel en matière de compétitivité .
Yutaka a deux frères plus âgés .
we hope that the legal recognition of domestic work can be achieved
Ne risquerions - nous pas de perdre des marchés au profit de la Chine et d' autres régions qui progressent également dans ce domaine , que nous parvenions ou non à un accord international et à une date quelconque ?
Il a des problèmes financiers .
i think that there is a danger today of us throwing good money after bad
Comparées à cela , les mots de M. Cohn - Bendit ne sont pas du tout amusants .
La Commission et les gouvernements nationaux doivent prendre des mesures immédiates . Ils doivent faire face à la crise du marché en adoptant les mesures économiques et sociales les plus efficaces pour les exploitations avicoles et les incubateurs .
and so for him studio h means that he can stay interested in his education through that hands - on engagement
it seems that the policeman in this tv series is a dirty cop who abuses his authority
Ceci coûte des emplois à l' Union européenne .
when we did the first clinical trial for these patients we actually created the scaffold specifically for each patient
and in fact sometimes it takes it by methods that we do n't quite even understand
wasted years in terms of the quest for peace in the middle east wasted in terms of the fight against organised crime and in terms of disarmament and nuclear non - proliferation
C' était un très ancien rituel qui paraissaient symboliser la lutte politique qui était en train de changer le visage de l' Afrique du Sud .
let me finish by reiterating the importance of an ambitious and forward - looking air strategy
Mais qu' est -ce que ce Fonds va apporter de plus , par rapport à la situation existante ?
Cette année , les joueurs de hockey indiens n’ ont pas même réussi à se qualifier pour les Jeux .
Les faits qui se produisent sur le terrain ne mènent nulle part , ne mènent pas à la solution et ne mènent qu' au désespoir et à la misère .
Je me suis lavé .
cost - efficiency is essential
it is a disgrace mr president a disgrace for justice and the rule of law in europe that it has not been possible to capture these people the primary suspects and bring them to trial
mr president in normal circumstances this procedure as it is being proposed by the commission would be totally unacceptable
Une aide de financement national pour l' agriculture et la forêt pourrait être apportée suite à la notification d' un régime d' aide d' État et à son approbation successive par la Commission .
even the poorest neighborhoods give more than they can afford
it is the fact that we are trying to put into the rules of procedure this idea of an agora of the possibility for citizens too to address the european parliament and to participate in discussions before the european parliament
we must not always begin with a discussion on building and developing the institutions and then eventually conclude with the political discussion on what it is we want
in addition it is vital to use energy efficiency
Il va donc dans la bonne direction .
La Chine ne remplacera pas les États - Unis sur ce plateau militaire .
in other words manufacturers dosage instructions must not be based on the limits of human tolerance
this constraint would only have added to the cost which would have been of no positive advantage to consumers
i think he wo n't come
mr whitehead one of louise 's east midlands meps has had to leave to take part in a vote on another vital health matter and he sends his apologies
Merci beaucoup , tu dis toujours des choses plus agréables que je ne le fais .
last month ’s referendum was remarkable in many ways
Je sais qui habite dans cette maison .
Jusqu’ aux années 1960 , les femmes américaines soutenaient plus volontiers les Républicains .
we should remember the economic benefits that have flowed to us from eu membership
Notre résolution comporte peu de choses à ce propos , mais le Parlement a déjà eu , à trois reprises au moins , l' occasion de dire ce qu' il attendait d' une charte des droits fondamentaux .
Un amendement , en particulier , était essentiel à nos yeux . La proposition de la Commission avait en effet prévu que des dérogations pouvaient être accordées aux États membres presque aussi souvent que l' on voulait .
Ce qu' il faut faire maintenant , c' est veiller à ce que , pour les années qui suivent , pour 2010 , elle ressemble plus à une oasis de stabilité pour les entrepreneurs et les citoyens d' Europe .
when forced to cut employment they are more likely to think that they are destroying lives rather than raising economic efficiency and increasing wealth
Le système de quotas n' est donc pas un système spécifiquement destiné aux femmes .
Il s' accroche encore à son opinion .
Le Parlement européen a le devoir de montrer son soutien envers l' initiative de la Commission de faire d' Europol une agence de l' UE .
despite the commission 's assurance the principle of fair competition might be difficult to adhere to when the applicant is someone 's own baby
in writing it goes without saying that i and my colleagues from the fianna fáil delegation are very much in favour of the eradication and combating of hiv / aids within the eu and the neighbouring countries
and all these crystals here under the microscope were dead a few minutes ago and they look alive
Il faudra dorénavant se poser systématiquement la question des moyens en personnel .
i 'm going to miss you
it must be terribly difficult running her household on her own after divorcing
mr president ombudsman madam commissioner ladies and gentlemen on behalf of the ppe group i want to take a moment to consider the newman report first of all i want to congratulate the rapporteur mr newman on his report
Comment ose - t - il se plaindre ?
Je suis bien placé pour savoir que le traité de Lisbonne n' est pas une merveille et une perfection .
this means that medical aid is still denied to the albanian kosovars
J’ essaierai ensuite de lire mon discours de trois minutes , ainsi qu’ on me l’ a conseillé .
i can lend you some money if you like
Ne croyez à rien de ce qu' il dit .
in criticizing my book a wall street journal review said that i was calling for “ giving till it hurts ”
Je dois dire que rien , dans votre discours ce matin , n’ augmente ma confiance .
En plafonnant son taux de change et en produisant bien plus qu’ elle ne consomme , la Chine a accumulé des réserves de changes massives , qui ont atteint mille milliards de dollars en 2005 .
in other words i would say that if bill clinton declared at montreal that he was fond of kyoto then we for our part know that the commission is very fond of lisbon
it would be a fantastic first step on the way to taking action
for example we need to work to improve the involvement of people at the local and regional level
i will explain it for you
rather the two countries form a laboratory needed for the internal working of the eu
Elle attend toujours de moi que je l' aide .
in this respect the new member states with their specific problems must receive special attention
Cette condition est indispensable à son succès .
then i arrange them so i can get them quick
Plus important , une majorité presque aussi large est attachée à la possibilité de convoquer et révoquer leur tsar – lors d’ élections libres , tenues à intervalles réguliers , conformément à la constitution .
when establishing a framework for this it is necessary to include strengthening economic development increasing the level of employment in the sector and also protection of the environment
firstly i should like to endorse what ms harkin said in relation to resources
Un groupe de commissaires a travaillé sur l' élaboration d' instruments financiers novateurs .
flexibility however should not be allowed to become one of the principles of integration
Il semble que nous ayons enfin trouvé une méthode grâce à laquelle l' Union , les différents pays donateurs et les institutions financières internationales peuvent tous contribuer à résoudre les énormes problèmes environnementaux et de sécurité nucléaire .
Il est clair que la situation n' est pas idéale .
clean soil is a critical problem -- the nitrification the dead zones in the gulf of mexico
Voici certaines des principales transgressions latitudinales .
to these people i would say that we have the new treaty of lisbon
Les dissidents , comme Vaclav Havel à Prague , ont trouvé la pilule dure à avaler .
J' estime que toute personne devrait pourvoir exprimer son opinion sur l' avenir démocratique de son pays sans pour autant être détenue , torturée ni subir des humiliations ou un traitement discriminatoire .
we see our responsibility as being to the union as well as to our publics
Cela soulève la question de savoir en quoi consistent réellement les propositions de la Commission .
as a result two thirds of the amendments can be accepted by the commission
i was the rapporteur on that particular report
obviously we find this unacceptable
J' entends souvent dire par certains économistes éclairés et importants que la stratégie pour l' emploi ne peut être dissociée de la stratégie pour les retraites .
the second pillar is about rebuilding rural communities and restoring urban / rural balance
Voilà donc la zone de Samboja Lestari , on mesure la repousse des arbres , mais on peut aussi mesurer le retour de la biodiversité .
thus net exports contributed 10.8 % to china ’s overall gdp growth rate or only about 1.1 percentage point of 9 % growth in 2008
Monsieur le Président , la commission des relations économiques extérieures vous prie de rejeter l' urgence .
but society continues to stigmatize and criminalize living in your vehicle or on the streets
the vote will take place on thursday 31 january
the world bank has recently published information on the consequences of the attacks on new york for developing countries
Nous utilisons quantité d’ analyses et de données fournies par des organes tels que le Conseil de l’ Europe et l’ OSCE , ainsi que par des agences et autres groupes de réflexion .
Qu' il me soit permis d' être clair .
Mais il me semble qu' elle a nommé des dates , le 27 octobre et le 3 novembre . Je suppose que divers événements se seront produits d' ici là .
Nos citoyens doivent se voir garantir le droit de choisir les pièces de leur voiture et de choisir des stations - services indépendantes .
it is a part i suppose of the urban middle - class northern european dream – the pursuit of the sun by day and silence by night
Pensez - vous que je devrais m' y rendre par mes propres moyens ?
capital accumulated because of interest
the only thing that queen victoria would not be amused by in modern dictionaries is our inclusion of the f - word which has happened in american dictionaries since 1965
Il ne devrait y avoir aucun doute quant à la détermination de l’ Union européenne , de ses États membres , de ses institutions et de ses citoyens à combattre et à condamner le terrorisme .
although president putin strongly defended russia 's actions and tried to explain them he was very struck by the strength of the european union ’s reaction in this matter
Vous me faites beaucoup rire .
hence in france for example the ban on exports of live susceptible animals will remain in force until 12 april
the fact that this decree is in babylonian says one thing
Il gagne sa vie en jouant du piano .
cultural divisions are also more intense
if however they were to obtain access to energy under conventional conditions that would lead to major damage to the environment and climate
Il n' a rien à faire ici et , de ce fait , n' a pas sa place dans ces orientations .
Enfin , la localisation pousse les sentiments à se positionner sur une carte du monde , mettant en évidence leur répartition géographique .
Ne pas inclure de femmes dans tous les organes exécutifs sociaux et politiques reviendrait à gâcher 50 % de la capacité intellectuelle , et à ne pas représenter véritablement les intérêts de tous les citoyens .
we find it odd that ukraine is a transit country
Vous distribuez gratuitement les moustiquaires pour qu' il y en ait un maximum ?
Cette stratégie vise à rendre la région de la mer Baltique durable sur le plan environnemental , prospère , facilement accessible , sûre et sécurisée .
furthermore we have been examining the systems and the organisations of the candidate countries with the supervisors of all member states over the past four years with precisely that aim in mind
Je pourrais vous raconter l' histoire : la technologie allait être abandonnée , mais Alfred Mann a rencontré le médecin qui allait prendre sa retraite , le Dr Schindler .
Dans ce cas de figure , toute mesure prise contre des musulmans , aussi brutale soit - elle , serait justifiée et Israël serait effectivement un État en première ligne , résistant à « l’ islamo - fascisme » pour empêcher un nouvel Auschwitz .
i refer to the interpreters thanks to whom the european parliament is the only institution working in 20 languages bringing our work closer to the citizens and making our communication more effective and for that i thank them
Vous savez , la violence en tant qu' arme politique c' est le seul moyen en ce moment .
bs what jim did n't know when he released that movie was that six months earlier nasa had funded a team i assembled to develop a prototype for the europa auv
Il en va de même pour l' environnement .
georgia is his native state
it means that i can take these two identical squares and i can put them in light and dark surrounds
Je suis capable d' amour .
Je me joins à mes collègues pour saluer l’ initiative prise par le gouvernement finlandais .
Le Parlement peut décider à la majorité des voix tandis que le Conseil a besoin de l' accord des Quinze .
which country 's legislation will apply
La Commission soutient que les erreurs relevées et signalées par la Cour ne sont pas importantes , puisque les différents mécanismes de correction pluriannuels permettent de détecter et de corriger les erreurs et les irrégularités lors de l' achèvement des programmes .
C' est pourquoi je ne peux approuver une éventuelle légère amélioration qui , au décompte , contribue à légitimer lesdites institutions .
one of these priorities is reducing reliance on gas and oil
Nous nous en portons donc garants et nous voulons faire prévaloir ce point de vue .
M. Savary a proposé dans l' amendement concernant l' article 5 , paragraphe 5 , qu' une attention particulière soit accordée au matériel des pays tiers lors de l' examen des cas particuliers .
it is right and proper that the european union has managed to separate the state from religion
Il s' agit de la chute la plus importante dans l' Union européenne depuis 1993 et elle représentera 3,8 millions de véhicules en moins par rapport à 2007 .
the federal reserve will not willingly resort to inflation
what woke you up
china controls 95 % of the extraction of rare earths which are desperately needed by european industry
yet 12 percent of trips to work are currently carpool
La Commission condamne les attentats terroristes commis dans le monde entier et déplore les pertes humaines qu' ils entraînent .
it is necessary that future regulations continue to ensure that this programming can be distributed to the citizens in accordance with the public service obligations assumed by those broadcasters
it is a country rarely mentioned in lists of examples or in key speeches yet its fate is closely bound up with the european union
at the same time parliament is in favour of an increase in the 2012 budget but only in line with the eurostat inflation rate
En fait , les mondes virtuels de Second Life aujourd'hui sont beaucoup comme Internet était au début des années 90 : tout le monde est très excité , il y a beaucoup d' attention et d' excitation pour cette idée ou la suivante à chaque instant , et puis il y a le découragement et tout le monde pense que rien ne va marcher .
Seuls 10 % bénéficient à des artistes vivants .
. - L’ honorable députée a fait une remarque parfaitement judicieuse .
Aujourd'hui , je ne le regrette pas !
La Commission européenne a proposé de maintenir le régime de contingentement pendant deux années supplémentaires , en ne modifiant pas les contingents .
Dernier point , adressé en particulier à Mme Langenhagen : je connais parfaitement - nous le disons chaque fois - la demande du Parlement européen de parvenir à une codécision sur les accords en bonne et due forme .
mr president - in - office ladies and gentlemen i am concerned for my fellow - europeans in the british isles
Il y aura donc davantage d’ investissements dans l’ industrie , globalement plus d’ emploi et une croissance plus rapide .
so here 's a model where a two - wheeler washing machine
on top of this there is the implementation of the treaty of lisbon with new priorities for foreign trade sport space research climate change and energy to name but a few
Tout flatteur vit aux dépens de celui qui l' écoute .
in this atmosphere of public silence the virtually vacant public space is filled with odd voices that are not intended for public consumption
what does all this mean for economics
old parties lost power which was a good thing
Ceci se ferait par conséquent au détriment des autres États membres .
Monsieur le Président , je me réjouis de pouvoir prendre la parole avant minuit , hier je ne l' ai prise qu' à minuit un quart .
J' ai acheté ce chapeau pour 2000 Yen .
the stakes are just too high to continue the way we are going
Sur ce point , nous vous apportons tout notre soutien .
the second point i wish to emphasise is the need for developing countries / emerging economies to adopt the rules on climate change that apply to eu member states
during the discussions which i have recently had with the dutch presidency we have also agreed to develop a proposal for joint action on this issue during the spring
i do n't know why he 's crying
Cela me touche , car ce sont des questions importantes auxquelles nous voulons répondre de façon positive .
Il est en effet curieux que les Irlandais aient voté " non " alors que l' Union européenne est de plus en plus démocratique , transparente et efficace .
J' ai un frère aîné et deux sœurs plus jeunes .
beijing – us vice president joe biden ’s recent four - day visit to china ended on a high note
Je suis de ceux qui se félicitent de ce compromis .
therefore while nowadays it is an easy matter to relocate an industrial plant it is even easier to relocate an airline in that the means of production itself is by definition mobile
there was also concern in the committee on budgetary control the committee on budgets and the committee on constitutional affairs
J' ai aussi un altimètre sonore .
we want new categories to be admitted to allow people over this very difficult hurdle
Son rapport souligne la nécessité de réformer l' aide au développement .
there is no reason for such discrimination
Il y a définitivement un sens à ma folie -- définitivement , définitivement . Pardon .
Aujourd’hui , à la fin de l’ année , nous n’ avons non seulement réalisé aucun progrès pour faire sortir l’ Europe de la crise , mais nous avons en réalité emprunté la mauvaise direction , nous allons dans le sens opposé .
Aujourd'hui , comme vous le savez , un ouragan international ravage le monde .
Donc , en gros , Dai Manju a fini sa scolarité au collège .
it could be argued that the greater the power of the judiciary is in a country the slower the pace of reform becomes
Et les sociologues s' arrêtent là , et ne voient pas le point crucial que j' ai découvert quand je suis devenu expert témoin pour Abu Ghraib .
when it moved into its new host the eastern hemlock tree it escaped its predators and the new tree had no resistance to it
Pour l' anecdote , effrayante anecdote , l' organisme de contrôle chargé de la région Midi - Pyrénées dispose de 17 postes pour plus de 2000 entreprises à contrôler .
in one of them one of the kids once said when we were riding on this ridge overlooking the dead sea -- and he 's talking about this spot here -- i was reminded of the day when i left my village in ethiopia and went away together with my brother
Le président des Etats - Unis Barack Obama , qui s’ évertue à rallier démocrates querelleurs et républicains obstinés au choix qu’ il fait d’ une politique risquée et onéreuse , s’ expose à des défis qui ne manqueront pas de lui coûter quelques compromis législatifs douloureux .
Le contrôle des États individuels et la publication des résultats de ces contrôles permettraient aux citoyens de jouer un rôle dans l' introduction de la législation de l' UE dans les États .
a healthy state balance sheet could help because part of the income flowing to capital would go to the state
this is very important for the application of the rules that are there already
Dans cette résolution le Parlement européen affirme le principe de cohérence entre les différentes politiques de l' Union dans le domaine de l' aide au développement et de la coopération .
pl mr president the aim of the social package should be to guarantee universal and equal access to high quality healthcare services to all eu citizens
this way of thinking is positively mediaeval
Beaucoup de nos meilleurs amis ont également été mutilés et tués .
Je dois toutefois faire remarquer que la solution tant espérée du problème chypriote doit respecter intégralement les principes fondamentaux et les traités de l' Union européenne .
at that point with us demand shrinking the rest of the world would indeed feel the economic effects of a romney presidency quite directly
what we have here is a proposal from the council and commission concerning workers and representatives on the boards of a european cooperative society and this is a welcome development
Monsieur Pinheiro , vous avez la parole pour répondre à la question de Mme McKenna .
L’ Union européenne doit jouer un rôle actif dans cette réforme et je compte sur votre Parlement pour soutenir le Conseil et la Commission dans cette entreprise .
Cela augmente l' impact de plus de 1 100 % Si votre son va dans le sens opposé , qu' il est incongru , vous réduisez l' impact jusqu' à 86 % .
and there are times in life when you will be tossed in the well too with twists in your stomach and with holes in your heart and when that bad news washes over you and when that pain sponges and soaks in i just really hope you feel like you 've always got two choices
Le plancher de six sièges est donc une étape positive qui augmentera la confiance des petits pays dans l' Union européenne et je pense dès lors que nous devrions soutenir le rapport Lamassoure - Severin .
this is why we do it
the german camp guards they 've got bored they 've taken to just firing into the prison camp at random for fun
Nous sommes toujours fiers d' avoir été la voix de la liberté à cette époque .
international policy coordination requires a leader a first mover
this is what is happening today in vietnam and it is the path that china and india took on their way to becoming engines of economic growth
we could then possibly add financial assistance to facilitate reception in some member states
Je crois que c' est un point essentiel .
i should like to point out that the union supports regional cooperation initiatives in europe
the delegations from switzerland and from the european parliament are holding their twenty - third inter - parliamentary meeting today in strasbourg
i once -- this was years ago -- i saw ted kennedy and dan quayle meet in the well of the senate
in writing - portugal has requested assistance in respect of cases concerning 839 redundancies in qimonda ag a multinational firm operating in the electronic sectors in the nuts ii region of norte
all that is true
Et vous tiriez un long câble jusque dans la maison où vous pouviez le visser dans la prise de l' ampoule .
i must stress that the opposite economic policy applies in the united states
it also has to be said that the way in which the european union has gone about things there is hardly likely to call forth rapturous enthusiasm about the success of the work it does
when it comes to straightforward foreign policy issues it is the national parliaments and governments together with the un that should head up the work however
J' ai très faim .
L’ Inde cherchera à conclure un accord de libre - échange avec l’ ASEAN , dans le sillage de la Chine .
La nouvelle autoroute réduit de presqu' une heure mon temps de trajet .
En ce qui concerne Chypre , nous voulons soutenir les Nations unies dans la poursuite du processus de paix qui doit de toute façon rester ouvert au groupe de discussion turco - chypriote .
since my son recently joined the british royal air force military intervention is no longer an intellectual debate but is now a personal issue for me
Voilà le véritable enjeu !
Les secteurs des affaires et des services aux entreprises ont employé un quart de million d' Américains de plus que l' an dernier - soit un taux de croissance annuel de l' emploi de 1,6 % .
the report is a very wide - ranging one in both technical and political terms and is extremely comprehensive
Néanmoins , je critique le traitement inhumain infligé par la Chine aux réfugiés nord-coréens , qui sont renvoyés dans leur pays où ils seront torturés , voire exécutés .
Ça ne vaut pas le coup de lire au - delà .
Et nous pouvons en passer les raisons en revue mais en fait , la petite cellule a pris environ un à deux mois pour obtenir les résultats , alors qu' une cellule plus grande et proliférant plus rapidement les obtient en seulement 2 jours .
mr president after nine fruitless efforts to join the world health organisation as an observer taiwan has indicated that it is now considering lowering its ambitions and asking instead for meaningful participation in the work of the who
Près de 38 millions de personnes périrent à cause de la famine ou du travail forcé lors du fameux Grand Bond en avant ( 1958 à 1961 ) qui devait servir à rattraper l’ occident .
En matière de prévention de cette maladie et des autres , il serait opportun de considérer les répercussions de la recherche de compétitivité , par une réduction des subventions accordées par la PAC .
mr president i should like to thank commissioners wulf - mathies and van miert for their presence here today
Nous faisons de l' exercice .
Monsieur le Président , je souhaiterais , en référence aux paroles de Mme Van Lancker , dire quelques mots à propos de la modernisation de l' organisation du travail et l' amélioration de la création d' emplois .
Enfin , il faut valoriser toutes les initiatives israéliennes ou palestiniennes en faveur d' un arrêt des violences et de la relance du dialogue politique .
i 've had quite enough of his impudence
Enfin , la Commission prend note du souhait du Parlement de renforcer l' action du volet « démocratie » du programme TACIS dans la région .
Alors que nous allons du passé avec les mammifères gigantesques , les oiseaux , les grenouilles et les plantes vers les insectes et autres petits invertébrés plus insaisissables , et maintenant au - delà -- vers le nombre incalculable d' organismes du monde vivant invisible qui enveloppe et vit avec l' humanité .
is it going to be another somalia
Robin Teverson et moi - même avons collaboré de très près sur ce problème durant ces derniers mois .
and while ensuring that interventions have a minimal inflationary impact wage increases are needed for low - paid workers who are now under severe pressure
in some cases a permanent contract can be offered directly upon recruitment
C’ est cela qui est essentiel .
air agreements now fall within this category because they cover a field to which the ordinary legislative procedure applies
amendment no 13 on article 4(1 can not be accepted because the wording in the commission 's text derives directly from the case law in which no distinction has ever been made between indirect and direct discrimination in this respect
Et en particulier , une zone du lobe temporale est appelée circonvolution occipito - temporale latérale .
i have two big brothers
and then a funny thing happened -- they sold
the facts do their job
C' est pourquoi tant d' étudiants sont absents aujourd'hui .
please i am giving you the figures as communicated to us by the organizers
Est -ce l' occasion , le côté positif s' il y en a un , de reconstruire quelque chose de plus traditionnel ?
En principe , cela pourrait se faire soit en faisant de la Russie un pays de l' Union européenne , soit en faisant du Conseil de l' Europe le parapluie solide de la coopération paneuropéenne .
Quand avez - vous ouvert votre nouveau magasin ?
bureaucratic lethargy and legislative delays can not and must not crush a child 's dreams and hopes of having a family and a happy future
Certaines des tensions les plus aigües au monde – entre l’ Inde et le Pakistan , ou entre les deux Corée Nord et Sud , par exemple – pourraient se trouver désamorcées par un renforcement régional .
that is the simple message of the olympic truce the olympic truce is not a magic wand for resolving wars it is a window of opportunity
Le médecin répond : « Arrêtez de faire ça , imbécile . »
Il ne s' agit pas simplement de commémorer une famine .
Qu' à cela ne tienne , le Parlement veut mettre plus d' argent dans les coffres de l' UE .
combating the rise of extremism in europe vote
but we would like to have seen the burden actually shared
its time will be up
En effet , les TIC , en tant que technologie horizontale , apportent une importante contribution en matière d' innovation dans toutes les autres disciplines .
Pour combien de temps environ le voulez - vous ?
we 've completed now clinical trials in four mouse models of this disease
Toutes ces mesures doivent être conçues de manière à atteindre les personnes qui sont principalement responsables , sans porter préjudice au peuple éthiopien .
in saying that i am not trying to justify the european union i simply believe it is essential to identify the appropriate means of correcting the serious delay that does exist as soon as possible
fr madam president minister commissioner ladies and gentlemen this work has been outstanding
Je voudrais également souligner le fait qu' un tel registre ne remplace pas nos efforts individuels en faveur de la transparence et la nécessité de repenser notre travail à cet égard .
Comme on le voit , loin d' adopter une ligne dure contre les pays de l' Europe du Nord , la Commission est au contraire en train de tout mettre en oeuvre pour aller au - devant de leurs difficultés .
Malheureusement , comme Mme Romaszewska , productrice responsable de ce projet , me l' a dit aujourd'hui , aucune aide financière de l' Union européenne n' a encore été reçue .
we must give a clear signal to the regime in cuba that we no longer tolerate the situation
À l' époque , les nouveaux États membres de l' Europe de l' Est ont par exemple été confrontés à des problèmes majeurs à leurs frontières et ont donc insisté pour que soit créé un programme " bouche - trous " .
A cette époque , on affirmait que c' était l' avenir de l' humanité . Nous devrions y voir un sérieux avertissement , car ce qui se passe aujourd'hui dans le secteur de la pêche , qu' il faut maintenant restructurer , se passera demain dans d' autres secteurs .
there was a development budget
Les bénéfices de l’ apparente défaite des FARC par Uribe s’ étendent bien au - delà de la Colombie .
Et dans certains cas , comme en France , les fonds américains ont été utilisés pour effacer une partie de la dette publique .
first of all and this is how the report begins too we have open debate then there is the constitution and the enforcement of legislation
i fear in part the solemnity of the march meeting
Il en a été de même en deuxième lecture et la procédure de conciliation a été engagée avec le résultat indiqué dans le rapport précédemment mentionné .
consistency alone would be a big boost for confidence
basically what i am referring to is the independent press and the non - governmental organisations that are still operating in our country
moreover it would continue to send the wrong message to would - be terrorists you can get away with murder
Si je te connaissais mieux , peut - être t' aurais - je laissé entrer .
Lors de la deuxième phase , à la fin de la guerre , l’ aide reste essentiellement humanitaire , mais se tourne également vers les personnes déplacées qui rentrent chez elles et vers les soldats de retour à la vie civile .
Le transport maritime a joué un rôle majeur dans cette explosion , puisque 90 % du commerce extérieur de l' Union européenne concerne ce secteur .
electricity and water supplies must now be restored quickly and with israeli assistance
C' est un événement .
the audience is too small
Comment expliquer que la zone euro ne constitue un espace unique de paiement que pour les billets et les pièces , tous les autres moyens de paiement étant découragés par de fortes ponctions bancaires ?
the mullahs in tehran want ashraf to be destroyed and we in europe must support these defenceless iranian refugees
but of course if you look at exactly what those profits are almost 8,000 of those dollars are in fact subsidies
i welcome them here both as a european and a finno - ugric brother from hungary
Mon père me battait chaque fois qu' il était soûl .
together with the countries in the sahel strip we must extend and coordinate our efforts by means of an overall regional strategy just like you mentioned
for all of these reasons the group of independents for a europe of nations believes it is very much justified in voting against the draft regulation
mr president the subject of this own - initiative report is certainly not a new problem but a problem only recently highlighted
the implications are clear a show of power wins the day
is the school on this side of the river
Enfin , je voudrais ajouter que la solution ne consiste pas simplement à accélérer l’ application de la loi .
Quelle que soit l’ opinion qu’ on ait de Blair , dans les affaires internationales , il était un dirigeant avec lequel compter .
and the particular display was built about six years ago and when we moved from one room to another room a rather large person sat on it and it got destroyed
it failed partly because the courts are too passive partly because the legislatures are corrupted by which i do n't mean that there 's bribery operating to stop real change but more the economy of influence that governs how congress functions means that policymakers here will not understand this until it 's too late to fix it
M. Gauzès a fait référence au pacte de stabilité et de croissance .
under the rules of procedure mr cohn - bendit is perfectly entitled to make that request
( RO ) Les messages toujours plus encourageants que l' Union européenne a récemment envoyés à Chişinău y sont accueillis favorablement et avec grand enthousiasme .
that would naturally help to safeguard jobs as well
Mais ici ça ne baisse pas .
not only did i say that but i also said that there are no back doors or side doors either
Ce que vous voyez est en fait la première devise non humaine , à ce que je sais .
C' est en jouant que nous apprenons à faire confiance , et là que nous apprenons toutes les règles du jeu .
a de facto policy of inflating away the debt might stoke such fears further
however what i have to do as a musician is do everything that is not on the music
Or , malgré les fluctuations , n’ avons - nous pas observé une réduction considérable des primes de risque pour les pays problématiques , sans hausse du coût aux pays assurant le financement ?
La question a été identifiée en tant que priorité dans le sixième rapport sur les exportations communautaires d’ armes .
we ought to focus on the basic points
with regard to the text i deeply regret that some of my colleagues disregard the fact that not only civil and political rights matter
Voila . Malheureusement , je ne peux vous montrer une image de cet objet symétrique .
Si nous parvenons à l' affaiblir , nous réduirons d' autant l' accès aux services .
Quand la dernière fois que l' on accorde des subventions sera - t - elle véritablement la dernière opération du genre ?
C' est très cher !
i 'm so sorry i 'm getting like the woman in that joke about -- have you heard this joke about the woman driving with her mother
En outre , cela perturberait les rapports pourtant déjà délicats au sein du secteur du transport aérien .
J' ai rencontré des femmes partout sur cette planète .
La gravité est également un champ de forces qui s' exerce sur les masses .
( EN ) Monsieur le Président , il convient de saluer le rôle important de la Banque européenne d' investissement dans la reconstruction de nos économies en ces temps difficiles pour la plupart de nos pays .
Il y a aussi une question essentielle qui doit être abordée .
Le GIEC prévoit une augmentation des températures globales pouvant atteindre 5,8 °C d’ ici 2100 .
finally the revision of the cotonou agreement should provide for an increase in aid and funding for acp countries in order to help them take the measures necessary to combat climate change
J' ai dit , " Ouah , la science c' est si merveilleux , Je dois devenir un scientifique . "
doubts in financial markets lead to higher risk premia which make it even more difficult to finance a government that is already facing financial problems
that is about the same as or more than the population of spain
C' est le respect de la liberté , qui n' a rien à voir avec le respect du droit des minorités .
Pour résumer cela en une formule : la politique sociale commence avec la politique familiale .
this is an area in which decisions could be necessary and legitimate at the level of a whole continent or even of the entire planet
À Copenhague , la Turquie a obtenu une date dans la perspective de l' ouverture des négociations d' adhésion , si elle satisfait d' ici là aux critères de Copenhague .
Toutes les traductions du rapport ont fait l' objet d' un contrôle méticuleux .
Je voudrais ajouter quelques mots à propos des déclarations du président Ahmadinejad sur les problèmes qui perturbent la stabilité de la région et les relations internationales .
Un certain nombre de facteurs expliquent cette hausse du différentiel 90/50 .
all operational programmes including the community support framework are being independently assessed by outside experts these assessments will be discussed by the individual monitoring committees whose members include representatives of the social partners and the various sectors
the fact that we mentioned their names the fact that they were with us in so many debates speaks a great deal of our great support for what they have done
i have been very grateful for that cooperation with both the council and the commission and of course for the very supportive cooperation of colleagues within the committee
the colombian president has committed his government to taking decisive action against these illegal paramilitary forces
mr president we are in a catch-22 situation
de mr president i believe that we had a large majority for amendment 81 with the result that amendment 12 lapses
the reactivation of the ferries directive whereby ferry workers would have the same working conditions irrespective of their nationality would be a step in the right direction
J' ai eu la chance de trouver un bon boulot .
Aujourd'hui le FMI est plus conscient de l' impact de ses programmes sur la pauvreté , même s' il ne produit toujours pas de rapport sur l' impact de la pauvreté et du chômage quand il présente un programme .
- Je ne sais pas quel est le problème avec le groupe Verts / ALE , mais le règlement stipule clairement que vous êtes censés annoncer les explications de vote .
this means that products that are safe and widely available will be withdrawn from the market
Il est très rare de trouver un analyste estimant que des attaques aériennes israéliennes pourraient faire mieux que retarder le programme iranien de quelques mois tout en cristallisant une opinion iranienne désunie autour d’ un soutien des armes nucléaires .
Merci beaucoup à vous tous .
our member states must find ways of encouraging and supporting women 's participation in the decision - making process and in politics at both national and international level
instead it wrought for france – and much of europe – jacobin terror right - wing counter - terror decades of war and eventually napoleonic tyranny
allow me as a scholar of sport and a former austrian national coach to make my observations on european sport from a quite specific perspective
i would like to point out that humanitarian assistance is also being provided to the serbs via the red cross there is no discrimination as far as we are concerned
L' Italie est tenue par sa constitution , très claire sur le sujet , de ne pas autoriser d' extradition vers des pays où est encore appliquée la peine de mort .
but these favorable net benefits reflect very conservative assumptions regarding the timing of emissions reductions and when the developing world would “ come onboard ”
some of them have now been there for more than five years
we have attempted to find a consensual solution but this did not work
a less ambitious apostolic assignment however could work
Des pays comme l' Espagne , Monsieur le Président , ont présenté des plans d' action dont la Commission elle - même a souligné la rigueur et les objectifs .
Ils ont pris un gros risque .
J' espère que ce rapport sur l' agriculture durable et le biogaz , adopté hier par la Commission de l' agriculture et du développement rural du Parlement européen contribuera également à lutter contre le changement climatique .
Lorsqu' il aura un moment entre deux bombardements sur Bagdad , il ferait bien de jeter un coup d' oeil à la proposition et au rapport .
how can we prevent this regulation from being seized by the banks as an excuse to increase the charges for domestic payments and how does the commission itself view this proposal
Il est vrai que cette situation a pour corollaire un prix intérieur spécifique .
Cela n' est pas surprenant , étant donné les circonstances , mais cela n' est qu' une expression parmi d' autres du manque de solidarité dans l' UE .
Donc , je ne savais rien de tout cela , et nous avions une présentation qui avait un ordre du jour , et tout ça .
Monsieur le Président , le nombre actuel d' accidents mortels de la route exige que l' on adopte des mesures portant sur les véhicules , mais aussi sur le comportement des usagers de la route .
that is why we must also see to it that changes are made here and i am convinced that latvia 's experience enthusiasm and courage can help us in this
De la même manière , des pays comme la Turquie et l' Ukraine ont adapté leur politique en fonction de leur intérêt pour l' Europe .
Ils ont de bonnes raisons pour éviter d' y regarder de trop près .
45 ans de ce régime qui ont créé ce que j' appelle le facteur mamie .
my background is not exactly the conventional medical education that you might expect
against such a backdrop the commission is aware that it acts as a point of reference providing the system with continuity stability and dynamism
we stand ready to increase cooperation on a technical level and to share the counter - terrorism experience that we have gained in the eu
but unfortunately the same does not hold true for mandatory social security although the social partners could have extended the non - discrimination principle to this as well this was already possible under maastricht
that is where the special regulation in the tomlinson report approved by parliament comes into play
Je l' ai déjà souligné . La politique en matière de savoir et d' innovation est trop unilatérale .
no one can help you
i would like to ask you to follow the sense of justice of your voters and adopt this ceiling
and soon after that some leading intellectuals condemned the national committee ’s condemnation as an affront to freedom of speech.no one mentioned the danger of inciting an already radicalized audience
Quand j’ avais ton âge , Pluton était une planète .
on behalf of the uen group - pl mr president the development of sport and support for its many facets is rightly considered to be one of the european community 's strategic aims
as aristide briand said if we can not have the means for our policy we must have the policy for our means
Les différentes tâches n' ont rien de particulier .
that 's brilliant
J' espère que ce Fonds ne sera que le début d' un cheminement vers une approche plus européenne et plus unie à l' égard de cette question .
Ce qui importe le plus , c' est qu' aucun effort ne soit épargné pour nous assurer que le Fonds puisse démarrer à temps .
En conséquence , mon vote est dans l' ensemble favorable aux propositions que contient ce rapport .
Les membres de l’ opposition qui ont bel et bien assisté à la séance se sont vu refuser le droit de participer aux débats .
the community ’s trade policy must therefore be consistent with the aims of its policy on developing countries of which the overriding aim must be to eradicate poverty and to promote sustainable development
man eats to live he does not live to eat
having tried to apply the inapplicable rest centres it is now making the current proposal which is just as extraordinary in my view
i 'm looking forward to going hunting with my father
Mais on pourrait conclure des débats bizarres dans lesquels nous sommes engagés sur les changements climatiques que ce dont le monde a besoin , c’ est d’ un changement d’ humeur politique et psychologique , plutôt que d’ une transformation sociale et économique profonde .
i now turn to the third report and i would like to thank mr camisón for the time and effort that he spent on this complex technical proposal related to safety in the movement of transportable pressure equipment
C' était tout ce qu' il espérait .
tom died with a knife in his back
Cette résolution du Parlement européen appelle également la Commission à présenter les rapports d' évaluation sur les études pilotes en temps utile , de manière à éviter la double déclaration des données statistiques sur les déchets .
Nous comptons également sur une réponse favorable du Conseil afin d' assurer des progrès opportuns sur le suivi de la communication de la Commission .
one hypothesis is that the global temperature will continue to rise
Je félicite de nouveau le rapporteur et je remercie Monsieur le Président .
many people will say it serves greece right and it should pay for its mistakes
Je ne sens rien .
Ainsi la prochaine fois si la mouche est confrontée à la même odeur à nouveau , la connexion sera assez forte pour allumer les moteurs et déclencher une manoeuvre d' évasion .
À n’ en pas douter , mon rapport pourrait résoudre une partie des problèmes que vous avez soulevés .
europe has been there
in declaring war on the taliban us policy came full circle
the area most affected by enlargement within the institution will be staff and the building costs related to languages
Ils avançaient très lentement .
so what more did the german government need to endorse the intervention
J' ai bien conscience du peu d' autorité de la commission en la matière , mais nous devrions tenter de progresser .
should parliament come to the conclusion that the relevant existing legislation requires modifications or that new legislation is required the commission will seriously examine these conclusions and if it agrees will take the necessary initiatives
we will shortly have 25 national legal codes 25 codes of criminal procedure 25 legal systems and 21 languages in this enlarged european union
Nous avons approuvé un amendement qui prévoit l' obligation pour la Commission de présenter un rapport détaillé en l' an 2003 afin de montrer les améliorations qui ont été réalisées grâce au travail de cette commission d' enquête .
Tellement de portes dérobées ont été créées depuis lors qu’ il est à présent difficile de trouver l’ entrée principale .
this is dangerous but i need hardly say that it is also dangerous for us to hide behind the illusion that we in parliament are the free voices in the institutional structure
as the market continues to grow and innovation cycles become shorter waste electrical and electronic equipment weee is seen as the fastest growing waste stream
Mais pourquoi est -ce qu' on s' y intéresserait ?
we must help and we want to help so that a sustainable process of normalisation can take place
Monsieur le Président , le groupe ELDR estime que la résolution sur laquelle les groupes se sont accordés constitue une base solide pour les travaux du sommet réunissant l' Union et la Russie .
Ce diamant est-il vrai ?
Un intitulé encore plus exact aurait été " pacte de stabilité pour la croissance " .
Lorsque les barrières sont levées , les chevaux peuvent prendre peur .
Nous devons montrer que les droits de l' homme sont aussi importants à l' est de l' Union européenne qu' en Afrique ou en Asie .
Monsieur le Président , tout d' abord je voudrais joindre mes remerciements à ceux qui ont été adressés à M. Whitehead pour son excellent travail .
however parliament is acting a bit like a political eunuch because we are talking and making recommendations about a un extraordinary session on drugs that has already occurred
Le rapport invite également la Commission à formuler des propositions en matière d' immigration légale , qui seraient plus faciles et pourraient encourager le progrès économique et social dans les pays d' accueil , de transit et d' origine .
what are you two doing
in europe germany can be confident that the us would help to contain an aggressive russia while russia knows that germany will remain tied to and thus restrained by the us
Mme Lefrançois a élaboré un rapport très pertinent à cet égard et je voudrais également la remercier chaleureusement pour cela .
L' un , c' est que nous enseignons en permanence .
today we are discussing another very important aspect of nord stream 's pipeline its environmental impact
Vous insistez sur le manque de respect de la législation actuelle dans les États membres .
other member states are exploring ways to diversify the sources of funding
J' ai trouvé la clef que je cherchais .
the judicial system as i have said is starting to improve and we are also seeing progress on child protection – requested by our own parliament incidentally – even though it is possible to go further
Dans ce contexte , nous soutenons les propositions à cet égard contenues dans le rapport .
that process of analysis forecasting and selection will take place within a specific time - frame between the october and december part - sessions with the annual programme having to be approved at the december partsession
La mauvaise nouvelle est qu’ il est devenu de plus en plus clair , au moins pour les grands pays , que les zones monétaires seront extrêmement instables à l’ avenir , à moins qu’ elles ne suivent les frontières nationales .
and it 's one that gets very little attention
Les nouvelles sources d' énergie , non plus .
on the other hand if the treatment offers no benefit to the patient it must be prohibited because the starting point here is the principle that the consent is refused since it can not even be obtained
Toutefois , j' espère que vous comprendrez que je dois me limiter , en ma qualité de présidente du Conseil , aux aspects qui concernent le Conseil ou les institutions de l' Union en général .
À cet égard , la faiblesse du projet de l' UEM me paraît flagrante . Car on ne saurait s' y prendre à la façon du Baron de Münchhausen pour relever par en - haut les économies européennes .
La Commission estime que l' assistance , les instruments relatifs au dialogue et les mécanismes de surveillance existent , afin d' assurer les stratégies consécutives au scrutin et le soutien de la démocratie ; elle est d' avis que ces mécanismes devraient continuer à être suivis .
these two areas are best addressed at national level closer to the citizens
Nous sommes à nouveau confrontés à un cas de peine capitale .
they said can we do an advertising campaign
On a mis l' avion replié sur le ballon .
La planète est devenue un émetteur intense d' ondes radio -- toutes les transmissions de toutes les TV , téléphones portables et radars . Et quelque chose est apparu .
Monsieur le Président , je voudrais commencer en profitant de l' occasion pour souhaiter la bienvenue aux observateurs .
get the hell out my way
the next item is the debate on the oral question to the commission by paolo de castro on behalf of the committee on agriculture and rural development on specific measures for agricultural markets - b7 - 0208/2010
i feel like i 'm living my life rather than actually just racing through it
Enfin , parce que leur dépendance financière à l' égard de l' étranger crée des vulnérabilités évidentes , les pays en développement chercheront à financer leurs investissements au moyen de leur épargne , ce qui limitera leur déficit des comptes courants .
many are dying because of all those kind of pandemics
La Cour a maintenu cette décision .
Il y a 15 ou 20 zones corticales qui changent spécifiquement lorsque vous apprenez une simple compétence comme celle - ci .
despite knowledge of the major increase in serious violations of human rights the mexican government appears to be unable or unwilling to do anything about it
Attends , attends juste un petit moment .
Les accusations lancées contre Khodorkovski portent sur des affaires anciennes de privatisation et d' évasion fiscale .
Ces implantations exaspèrent la haine des Palestiniens pour Israël .
Après le spectacle ils viennent me voir et ils ont tous une histoire à raconter .
this is therefore an issue of shared responsibility and not only the responsibility of the member states or of the european union itself
and now thanks to the fiscal compact even the eurozone ’s core will be forced into front - loaded recessionary austerity
Ils prennent tous leur petit déjeuner et se plaignent de tout le monde là - bas . Et c' est une grande expérience , et je vous encourage vivement de passer un moment au cours d' un dîner avec eux , parce que c' est vraiment expérience essentielle de l’ Amérique .
Les engagements pris par la Communauté et ses États membres lors de l' Uruguay Round ne concernent que l' éducation à financement privé .
Il s’ avère plutôt qu’ ils préfèrent les émissions d’ actualité , les retransmissions en direct , les documentaires et surtout les informations objectives données dans le cadre de programmes d’ information générale .
moreover with a real prospect of joining europe turkey would be better placed to defuse actual and potential tensions between europe and the middle east
Il s' agit d' une question politique requérant une réponse rapide de la part de la Conférence intergouvernementale et de ce Parlement .
Je ne peux m' accorder avec votre proposition pour la raison que ce n' est ni juste ni raisonnable .
but everybody 's got -- and i believe in a pluralistic society -- everybody 's betting on something
that will continue with the enlargement of nato
Restons ouverts et sans préjugés dans notre rencontre avec la population turque , et luttons ensemble contre l’ intolérance là où elle se trouve .
next reliable technical inspection must be established like the technical inspection compulsory in france for vehicles more than five years old
mr president it remains for me to be the last on the speakers list for the european people 's party / european democrats this evening and as an irish mep i suppose there is some rationale to that
Quelle réponse donner à cette demande accrue ?
she likes classical composers such as beethoven and bach
you should go home early
Enfin , Monsieur le Président , je crois que nous ne devons pas oublier des pays ne participant pas au processus de Barcelone - je fais allusion à la Libye et à la Mauritanie .
although we voted for the report we are still critical - for the reasons expressed in our previous explanation of vote - of the form of legislation it represents
Le problème des autres espèces de poissons carnivores , comme le thon , le cabillaud , le bar , la daurade et la truite , élevées dans des conditions similaires et probablement exposées à une contamination identique , n’ a pas été soulevé .
take note of the intention of parliament to limit to four years
and we do a lot of work here
in the last six months there have been national elections in lebanon and local elections in saudi arabia
Premièrement , nous devons œuvrer à un véritable marché unique pour les produits d’ investissement .
Ce qui s' est passé cette année n' est peut - être que le signe avant-coureur d' incendies encore pires pour l' avenir .
Ceci étant , certains avaient évoqué les Cours des comptes mais il n' existe pas de Cour des comptes dans chaque pays européen et toutes les Cours des comptes ne bénéficient pas de l' indépendance .
infrastructure such as new secure pipelines and additional lng terminals will remain important
another activity is the development alongside aerial monitoring of a satellite imaging service that will make it possible to detect pollution and thus to help the member states to combat the illegal dumping and accidental spillage of hydrocarbons
Ne perdons pas de vue le fait que demander aux agences de voyage d' assumer plus de responsabilités en tant qu' intermédiaires aura de profondes répercussions économiques .
tomorrow is back - to - school day for once i 'm anxious to go back
L’ Ukraine continuera de se battre en faveur du droit de ses citoyens à devenir des citoyens européens à part entière et à se sentir à leur place dans la famille européenne .
Toi , tu as vraiment des tripes .
in the meantime president kibaki has appointed his government without consultation with the opposition leader mr odinga
these new leaders seek to deal with the us in a manner that avoids alienating a superpower and isolating their countries
Nous devons donc faire preuve d' une grande prudence .
after consultation we have decided that we want to substitute the ppe - de 's amendment no 9 for the first part of what we decided on in committee
Elle fait partie de la liste noire des Talibans .
J' ai exploré les grands fonds marins à bord de submersibles partout dans le monde .
Pourquoi le dialogue est-il donc si difficile , voire impossible ?
member states must therefore be closely involved in these studies because they are in a better position to assess the national impact of initiatives coming from brussels
Nous parlons de questions qui peuvent véritablement soulager les personnes .
Le débat parlementaire sur la directive concernant l’ accès au marché des services portuaires s’ est déroulé dans une atmosphère empreinte d’ une pression et d’ une violence injustifiées , qui ont causé des dégâts matériels et personnels injustifiables .
it is not however sufficient to keep the united nations afloat but it is essential to relaunch the organisation definitively
La présence de l' OSCE en Albanie , évidemment , ne bénéficie pas du soutien politique d' une grande partie de la population de l' électorat du pays .
i share your concern about the need for enhanced animal protection and it is also very much shared by the commission as a whole
in all three baltic states the communist parties are banned and their cadres persecuted
Application du principe de l' égalité des rémunérations des femmes et des hommes (
the factories producing ecstasy and their substitutes are right next to consumers cropping up like new arts and crafts shops
that is why there is opposition to adopting the commission 's draft regulation
Monsieur le Président , j' ai eu l' occasion de m' exprimer hier aussi sur la décharge et , tout à l' heure , à propos de la demande de renvoi en commission présentée par Mme Aalvoet .
( DE ) Monsieur le Président , le bon réalisé aujourd'hui par la grande coalition de Bruxelles , en excluant largement ses membres des nouveaux États membres , est loin d' être suffisant .
Presque tous mes disques sont importés d' Allemagne .
Sa vue était devenue très mauvaise .
Cela enverrait en tout cas un signal positif quant à notre intention de prendre les mesures pour répondre au défi économique important auquel nous sommes confrontés .
a major role should be played by the high - level eu special representative for human rights
this area of france which is already badly affected by economic and social problems has been devastated
Ses mots-clés doivent être « compréhension » et « action » .
so i started researching into pearl divers
Pour cela , nous demandons que les procédures législatives prévues par le traité d' Amsterdam , ne soient pas détournées .
Chacun de nous devait savoir qu' elle a pris en charge un vrai travail de Sisyphe , et je trouve personnellement qu' elle l' a remarquablement bien accompli .
Je ne crois pas aux récits très simples ..
but what really inspires me is what 's going to be possible when our cars can begin talking to each other
Et cela , aussi a été affaibli : les États - Unis violaient les droits humains fondamentaux tels que l' habeas corpus et le droit de ne pas être torturé . Son engagement de longue date pour le droit international a été remis en question .
Certains gouvernements ont assumé leurs responsabilités ; d' autres , comme le mien , ne l' ont pas fait .
we can help by opening up our markets
Un autre type de cellules , les cellules de direction de la tête dont je n' ai pas encore parlé , déchargent comment une boussole selon la direction vers laquelle vous regardez .
safeguarding the film productions of the new member states on its own justifies an increase in european support with care being taken in particular to establish proportionality in favour of these countries
Il en va par ailleurs de notre responsabilité de prendre tout particulièrement en compte les commentaires émanant des autorités nationales et des collectivités publiques territoriales ainsi que d' un échantillon de la société .
Je présentai mes excuses pour avoir été en retard à l' école .
news of this crisis has reached us and we have all seen the pictures of demonstrations victims and people who have been beaten up
the commission can not therefore accept amendment no 7
Dans ce film , il y a une scène où une femme irakienne est tuée .
that is what you have done this evening and i just want to make three points briefly which in my view are the most important next steps
Cette tête de mule à Prague a fini par signer et nous voilà enfin arrivés à bon port .
Mes chers collègues , procédons par ordre .
a feasibility study on this is currently being finalised by the european commission
L' Europe , où il est midi , a une forte activité avec une grande diversité de langues .
Ce sera tout .
Je pense qu' il en ira de même avec les directives " Transparence " et " Prospectus " .
following that by september the commission will prioritise and organise ideas in order to prepare the draft communication on the strategy and the accompanying action plan
there is growing international recognition of the inadequacy of gdp as an indicator of social progress social inclusion environmental sustainability and resource efficiency
article 5 of the lomé convention obliges the union and the member states to demand democracy and human rights in equatorial guinea
Et , faute de faire face plus sérieusement au rôle “ d’ asile ” tenu contre son gré par le Pakistan , il n’ y a aucune solution envisageable pour l’ Otan en Afghanistan .
i think so
Je pense que la meilleure des alternatives pour athée est simplement non-croyant .
Les hauts niveaux de la dette souveraine , combinés au comportement de plusieurs parties du secteur financier , ont amplifié la crise dans la zone euro , et soulevé d’ importantes interrogations en matière de confiance , qui requièrent désormais une réponse systémique .
En l' absence de réglementation internationale de la concurrence pour prévenir le dumping et les autres méthodes anticoncurrentielles , les instruments de défense commerciale apparaissent comme la meilleure solution .
the response to the so - called european economic government and to the increasingly antidemocratic nature of the integration process under way is being given by struggling workers all over europe
Cependant , vous n’ avez pas dit un mot pendant ces 19 minutes et 39 secondes , pas même une syllabe , sur la politique environnementale ou la durabilité .
Nous cultivons le dialogue de différentes manières , notamment en organisant un sommet annuel .
we are only a few months away from the european elections
Il se passe bien sûr exactement la même chose au sein de l’ industrie chimique , où un deuxième « Ali le chimique » , soutenu par les gouvernements , s’ insinue pour tenter de détruire les industries modernes .
Sur notre santé , notre alimentation , notre travail , nos relations , l' environnement et notre communauté .
finally and perhaps something that you and i mr president take a personal interest in the notion of regional offices
Il faut également savoir que la manière dont nous l' enseignons aux États - Unis
Elle simplifiera et modernisera les procédures d' accises , dans le but de réduire les obligations en matière d' accises pour les opérateurs , notamment pour ceux qui réalisent des opérations transfrontalières , sans compromettre les contrôles d' accises .
the voting population is 57 % female and commentators speculated on the likely impact of women voters
we 're not going to get enough energy from renewables alone
i have carefully read this report especially the section related to my country and therefore i can say that this sentence is not true
did you get good marks
Ce retrait ouvrira des espaces pour les puissances émergentes , comme la Chine , mais donnera aussi lieu à une plus grande incertitude géopolitique mondiale .
today the commission decided to propose reallocating a further eur 1.4 billion of aid from other foreign policy budget lines to the balkans
Il ne peut passer de l ’ « activisme » à l’ abstention d’ un moment à un autre .
would it not be appropriate to mention both subjects
can i open a can
La poursuite des combats est vouée à faire entrer en jeu de nouveaux acteurs ( dont la Turquie ) .
Si le président de la Banque centrale veut bénéficier de la confiance de tous les États membres , il ou elle doit être nommé(e ) par voie de consensus .
Comme l' a mentionné Mme Bachelot - Narquin , la directive est déjà en cours d' examen au Conseil et j' espère que les débats au Parlement progresseront avec la même rapidité et qu' ils s' avéreront , au final , fructueux .
that also does not relate to the minutes but to the verbatim report of proceedings
and here if we look at a detail of the way that the building opens up and breathes into those atria the way in which now with a computer we can model the forces we can see the high pressure the low pressure the way in which the building behaves rather like an aircraft wing
this is equivalent as far as quality is concerned
through procedural steps too – and i believe that i am interpreting the feeling of the whole house – we are stressing the entry of the representatives of the citizens of the enlarged union as full members of this parliament
the second point concerns alcohol
Ce qui est important aux Jeux Olympiques n' est pas de gagner , mais de participer .
so i think perhaps the european union should put its own house in order first as far as democracy is concerned
europe now has the task of becoming political and of moving from being a market to being a public area of debate
on top of all this rapidly growing public debt implies that new entrants to the labor market will sooner or later face a mountain of taxes
Le président Barroso a déclaré précédemment : " Pas besoin de réparer ce qui n' est pas cassé " .
i do not intend to reopen the discussion at this point
one of the priority actions is to reassure the population frightened by this disease which is unknown in the country
Si avez une remarque de fond à nous communiquer , allez - y .
Le quatrième point a trait aux frais de maladie , à la possibilité de bénéficier de prestations médicales dans un autre État membre .
to loosen a screw turn it to the left
understanding these social and cultural processes could itself be an important focus of new research
J' ai voté contre le rapport sur les agences de notation de crédit .
to move on to other questions we also need to demand an end to human rights violations in turkey and support algeria 's democrats
Cet animal se nourrit de viande .
Nous , parents , nous essayons logiquement d' influencer ce choix et nous les encourageons à choisir les études au lieu du sport parce que celles - là nous semblent une valeur plus sûre .
Quand le ministère de la Santé garantit qu’ il fournira telle intervention médicale , les fournisseurs privés doivent en faire autant .
in doing so the commission will however remain committed to maintaining the dual objective of the directive to be an efficient instrument of return policy and at the same time an efficient protection instrument for the third country nationals involved
Le Moyen - Orient se dirige vers une nouvelle confrontation majeure en 2008 .
Les propositions actuelles laissent en grande partie le principe de l’ autorité du pays d’ origine intact .
just 15 years ago the country in which i was born disintegrated in a number of bloody wars which lasted for almost an entire decade
so pressure needs to be brought to bear on the council
the bigger the bar the better okay
i can not help thinking that my son is still alive
i take note of your comments and i must tell you that in the other building there is also a meeting of the committee on budgets which as you know i have particular affection for
there are certainly a number of amendments where we need further clarification
Mais dans chaque quartier , la chasse aux tortionnaires et aux informateurs pourrait créer un climat d' hostilité propre à décourager les partisans de Saddam .
On sait déjà que la présence de l' EUFOR aux portes du Soudan rendra plus difficile la libre circulation des rebelles à travers les frontières et provoquera donc le déplacement de certaines attaques .
but argentina ’s woes go deeper
it 's hydrated dough we call the soaker -- that helps to start enzyme activity
she 's a bitch
mr president if you authorise the extension of the debate please at least restrict each speaker to about one minute
now the commission is abandoning any final pretence
Si tel est le cas , nos efforts pour bénéficier de meilleures normes pour les eaux souterraines n’ ont aucun sens tant que les causes du problème sont toujours en place .
and that 's the powerful men we have to meet and to talk to them what 's the regulation of the reserve and what is the regulation of the parks and they ca n't do what they are doing
where did you find their cat
this is a clear lesson from the crisis and prevention is no less important
he loves fishing
Ces installations comptent parmi les sources les plus importantes de polluants atmosphériques et , par conséquent , il est très important que nous disposions d' une législation très stricte pour les contrôler .
Qu’ il s’ agissait des menaces pour l’ environnement , des inégalités dans la répartition des richesses , le manque d’ une politique saine et durable quant à l' utilisation continuelle d' énergie . Nous étions dans de beaux draps .
your friendship means a lot to me
moreover if the union is to bring the industry 's profits at least back up to what they were in 2007 it can not sustain the social cost of around 350 000 job cuts
i understand that the rapid alert was given on 22 may 2011 i am concerned that the european experts went into germany only on sunday 5 june
it is clear that over the past couple of years we have noticed an upward trend in agriculture and a downward one in structural expenditure
Partager ses souffrances les allège .
Les ministres de la santé continuent à débattre de la menace du VIH / SIDA de la même manière qu' ils discutent du cancer , du diabète et des maladies cardiaques .
Par moment , il fait si froid que nous devons presque mettre nos vestes .
Des personnes continuent à disparaître de façon inexplicable .
she burst into tears
Tertio , il y a la question d' accepter des différences régionales lorsque de nouvelles négociations en vue d' un accord régional auront lieu .
nice people with common sense do not make interesting characters
investing fund surpluses in foreign securities would counteract the tendency for the exchange rate to rise
Nous sommes tous d' accord sur la nécessité de mieux contrôler nos dépenses .
obviously why are you even asking
it is hoped that this process will be completed very soon
Je pense que c' est impossible .
Nous avons voté .
i believe that in such a situation mr posselt and mr pinior are right we must adopt an explicit and firm position
Je me permets de supposer qu’ à l’ heure actuelle , les négociations avec la Croatie ne commenceront qu’ après la ratification de l’ accord de stabilisation et d’ association .
wangari maathai might have told gbagbo about former african leaders like daniel arap moi of kenya who despite a bad human rights records while in office was forgiven because he chose to respect the will of the people
nature has learned to compensate with that and females have multiple clutches of eggs
Les fonctionnaires qui nous aident à déceler les fraudes et à les empêcher doivent être récompensés et non punis .
she advised him not to go
i am sure that my country poland in which the majority of citizens are in favour of adopting the constitutional treaty will also demonstrate its unequivocal support for the treaty during the referendum
i wish quite simply to take the opportunity of conveying my special thanks to the rapporteur mr davies and all the members of the conciliation committee
Au sujet de l' amendement 118 du groupe Verts / ALE
Merci beaucoup , Monsieur le commissaire Marín .
the commission understands turkey 's need to protect its citizens but we continue to urge turkey and iraq to tackle the problem through cooperation between the relevant authorities and by respecting international law
the bottom line is that we are able to deliver humanitarian aid both around and inside chechnya although it is difficult but we are able to do it and we will continue to do it
Je pense que la majorité des femmes sont conscientes de ce problème et qu' elles ont un comportement responsable .
Donc je me suis vite mis au travail entouré d' une équipe géniale .
let us hope that the eu as such will benefit from the decisions of a body in which only some of its members are participating and that those which are outside the eurozone will benefit too
L’ augmentation de la fiscalité n’ en constitue qu’ une partie .
C' est pour le moins affligeant .
Ces trois facteurs ont disparu entre les deux guerres mondiales .
or this -- this is a really neat teapot i found at high tea at the four seasons hotel in chicago
given the difficult economic situation and massive austerity measures being applied in numerous eu member states the letter from the six governments is quite understandable in my view
Où est la réponse ?
Une fois de plus , j' espère que s' il est adopté aujourd'hui , ce rapport aidera réellement Mme la commissaire à mettre les propositions de ce Livre blanc en pratique .
En outre , ces consommateurs devraient disposer de l' information la plus claire et la plus complète pour chacun des produits qu' ils consomment , de manière à ce qu' ils puissent faire leur choix en connaissance de cause .
Voulez - vous réellement que cette information soit rendue publique ?
i have noticed that they are working hard to qualify as full members of the eu
we ca n't imagine it
the european council 's report attests to this if one reads between the lines
Voilà bien un domaine où il n' y a pas , pour moi , de contradiction entre le respect légitime des pouvoirs des États et la nécessité de donner davantage d' autorité à la Commission européenne .
– thank you commissioner
Malheureusement , outre les causes d' obésité et de surcharge pondérale communément admises , d' autres facteurs entrent également en jeu , liés à l' irresponsabilité et à l' appât du gain .
it is taking no account of the social costs of its action
Depuis plus de trente ans , l' Union européenne et ses États membres concourent au financement , à l' élaboration et au développement de la politique spatiale .
Le métro m' a donné un coup de klaxon ce matin .
today they are pleading against it for the sake of their right to ownership
Les données sont meilleures que ce que l' on pense . Beaucoup pensent qu' elles sont mauvaises .
even though such a short time has passed since it came into force we often forget what europe was like when it had borders and the difficulties associated with moving from one member state to another
Les amis , ça n' était jamais arrivé , que tout le monde étudie dans la prison .
Commençons par les données gouvernementales .
Pouvons - nous supporter plus longtemps la politique impérialiste de la Russie à l' encontre de petites nations telles que la Tchétchénie ?
Peu après la chute du régime Hoxha , je me suis rendu en Albanie .
she clearly does not mean it
for example it has been known for some time that networks that are efficient are often not resilient because resilient networks have inefficient redundancies
a one - word answer will suffice
L' amendement 2 a trait au lin et au chanvre et a pour objectif de promouvoir l' utilisation de ces produits agricoles à des fins non alimentaires .
the timber industry is a very important one for the country
of course mr buttiglione used certain expressions which were unfortunate but his letter of explanation and the president 's personal guarantees have convinced me that mr buttiglione will not mix his religious or philosophical views with the exercise of policy
Ce rapport se penche notamment sur les mutuelles de santé qui ont déjà été établies et qui se sont révélées efficaces dans plusieurs États africains .
On peut pardonner , mais oublier , c’ est impossible .
M. Kamall , j' essaie de prendre cela très au sérieux , mais j' espère que cela ne va pas dégénérer à la manière de l' émission de radio Just a Minute que nous connaissons si bien au Royaume - Uni .
L' ensemble des domaines où nous proposons de nouvelles actions doit être accessible à toute personne souffrant d' un handicap .
that is one of the points which has led to the degeneration we have seen and it is something that needs to be laid down as soon as possible in an internal code for the commission
this is what will happen this time
perhaps europe 's citizens are looking for a more fundamental and more complex answer
Je voudrais le féliciter de son revirement sur la Russie au cours du débat .
Comment peut - il s' agir d' un problème interne alors que ce n' est pas le cas de l' Italie ?
Haïti est un pays des Caraïbes .
we dislike bitter tastes we dislike loud sounds we dislike hot temperatures cold temperatures
Il n' est pas convenable de notre part de voter les urgences alors que nous ne sommes pas assez nombreux .
this is indisputable proof if ever there was any that euratom loans are not needed to finance new capacity
Je veux dire nous y sommes mais nous n' y sommes pas . Et , résultat : on ne fait rien du tout .
En ce qui concerne l' utilisation des NTIC , l' Europe a beaucoup investi dans les NTIC mais souvent pour des buts autres que la productivité .
( DE ) Permettez - moi de commencer par dire que je trouve les idées du commissaire très vivifiantes .
it is no longer about message or content - it is just one more form of entertainment and what matters is who wins and who loses
the air feels somewhat cold this morning
La police le repéra immédiatement comme le criminel .
by the way do you think that when you die that 's it
has this really been so useful to the citizens in the end
Au Laos , cette répression résulte d' un programme du parti communiste au pouvoir , qui considère le christianisme comme une religion représentant l' impérialisme occidental .
it is a shame that at the end of this exercise there are so few of us in the chamber to discuss it
to close i wish london the same good luck for 2012 as athens had with the 2004 olympic games despite any doubts which london had at the time
are there any objections to this oral amendment
Ils ont raison .
Monsieur le Président , Madame la Vice - présidente , chers collègues , au nom de mon groupe , je voudrais également féliciter Monsieur Stockmann pour son excellent rapport , qui offre une analyse approfondie de la question .
Même si cela vous paraît cruel et sans pitié , c' est du très bon design . C' est vraiment très éloigné des beaux meubles , mais ça fait tout de même partie de mon même champ d' intérêt .
Bien sûr , il y a toujours une marge d' amélioration au bout du compte , mais ce traité de réforme est ce que nous avons .
Il existe un réel danger que les méthodes visant à remédier aux déséquilibres des précédents cycles commerciaux échouent dans cette tâche tout en risquant d' introduire de nouveaux déséquilibres .
so please first try to persuade your own colleagues
we 're an equal opportunity designer of this sort of thing
auditors are wary of taking on new audits because they are afraid of unlimited liability
we need a new treaty in order to have low energy prices we need a new treaty to have greater transparency
and how did she die in the back of the car -- and i was intrigued by this sort of mass voyeurism so i made these rather gory images
Il y a quelques années , j' étais plutôt enthousiaste à l' idée de découvrir s' il y avait des univers candidats avec des règles extrêmement simples qui réussissent à reproduire la relativité restreinte et même la relativité générale et la gravitation , et qui au moins donnent des indications de mécanique quantique .
we have a golden opportunity here to show people all over europe that we are active on issues that are hitting them directly
Où en sont les progrès accomplis pour garantir que les procédures comptables sont bien standardisées et suffisamment transparentes pour saisir les transactions hors bilan et toutes autres pratiques innovantes ?
this graph that i 'm clicking down here is meant to be reminiscent of a medical heartbeat graph showing the exciting moments of adrenaline
C’ est vrai : j’ ai pris en considération la volonté des États membres .
Je suis d’ accord avec le souhait exprimé par les rapporteurs , à savoir que les activités de l’ Institut ne devraient pas simplement se limiter à la collecte de données , à la tenue de registres et à la recherche .
Nous devons apporter une réponse honnête à la question du degré de préparation des centrales nucléaires européennes à des accidents de ce genre .
J' héberge donc désormais son site sur mon propre site Web pour leur permettre de continuer à disséminer des informations sur la façon dont les entreprises peuvent se défendre .
mr president ladies and gentlemen i should first like to thank the two rapporteurs for their reports
you 're always singing
Philip , comme Andrew et Peter , était originaire de la ville de Bethesda .
Je termine en souhaitant un prompt rétablissement à M. Bowis .
so they set out to make san francisco a no - kill city create an entire city where every dog and cat unless it was ill or dangerous would be adopted not killed
they are not getting paid for it in any way other than in the attention and to some extent the reputational capital that they gain from doing a good job
i forget his name
Tu ne voudrais prendre un peu l' air ?
· Deuxièmement , le Brésil adopte enfin l' économie mondiale du savoir .
En effet , la consultation populaire de M. Verhofstadt ne peut s’ organiser que s’ il est certain d’ être en bonne position et ne court aucun risque de défaite .
commissioner as you know we are also concerned about the tragic situation which according to the under - secretary general responsible for humanitarian affairs at the un is threatening one million people in afghanistan with famine
i can agree fully with the proposals contained in amendments nos 1 to 7 in the report
Les rétributions , à l’ exemple de celles que les programmes salvadoriens accordaient aux chefs du FMLN , devront être plus importantes .
the fee for the annual car licence should be based on the amount of carbon dioxide emissions
yet in africa we apparently prefer to leave almost everything in a semi - chaotic state in line with the concept of might is right
the number of cases of whooping cough is on the rise in the last years
La crise qui frappe malheureusement le gouvernement tchèque accroît , pour la Commission et le président Barroso , leur responsabilité de la sortie de crise , au travers de politiques cohérentes et assurant la stabilité .
and no we do not disrupt the balance
when we debate unemployment then i think it very important that we consider a statute or charter for the countryside and also for the urban environment and establish a link between the two
should musharraf ’s government backslide even more on its commitments to restore parliamentary democracy pakistan ’s crisis would not only be exacerbated but it might begin to infect the wider region
ordinary extortion demands are made then you have to pay a certain amount and you will be left alone
this building when an artistic director wanted to do a cherry orchard and wanted people and wanted people to come out of a well on the stage they brought a backhoe in and they simply dug the hole
Est -ce que ce bâtiment est ouvert au public ?
and actually the second general hospital in vienna in about 1850 was where we started to build out an entire curriculum for teaching med students specialties
Dans ce contexte , il existe toute une série de mesures que l' Union soutient résolument .
Vous avez ici une rétine .
the direct consequence of this expansion is a much larger volume of work the quality of which must be to the highest legislative standard
we must also listen to people who say ‘ it is all very well to have a fairly efficient economy but what has happened to the protection of ordinary people to social cohesion and to care for the vulnerable ’
mary is hysterical
but the need for spending cuts also raises the prospect that the us might be unable to finance a military shift toward the asia - pacific region – or worse that it will be forced to retrench there
that is one of our old demands but with several tens of thousands of projects it places an enormous responsibility on the commission
J' allais dire que la demande avait manifestement été déposée en dehors des délais et ma question suivante allait être de demander à l' assemblée si elle était prête à accepter un vote distinct .
ladies and gentlemen matters seem clear enough as much as they can be
Et le DMCA remonte à l' Audio Home Recording Act , qui a horrifié ces compagnies .
En 2008 , des problèmes apparaîtront , vous l' avez reconnu .
mr president representatives of the council presidency and the commission high representative ladies and gentlemen i have of course listened to all the speeches and i have also read the reports
Pourquoi donc s' obstiner à vouloir montrer du doigt le Togo et jeter le soupçon sur le processus démocratique en cours au lieu d' aider un pays qui sollicite l' aide de l' Union européenne pour le mettre en oeuvre ?
En fait , le vrai problème est qu' il n' est pas possible d' établir des priorités en faveur de la croissance et de l' emploi avec un budget européen gelé pour l' essentiel .
Et plus on comprend ce phénomène plus on comprend ce qu' est vraiment cette matière noire dont l' univers est fait .
it is a risk which this institution can not afford to run
Vous êtes une grande personne .
the competitiveness of the eu as a whole however can be secured only if economic growth is genuinely sustainable
Demain , nous pourrons faire un pas dans la bonne direction en votant pour une révision flexible , moderne et orientée vers l’ avenir de la directive sur le temps de travail .
Qu' est -ce que l' innovation ?
Cette première directive , qui entreprend un chemin nécessaire et au sujet duquel je me permettrai de faire une observation relative au timing de développement , est bienvenue .
Il y a actuellement 23 millions de chômeurs en Europe , ce qui signifie que la crise a anéanti les efforts réalisés pendant de nombreuses années pour promouvoir l' emploi .
i believe that the real issue goes much deeper it is about sustainability
Je ne l' ai pas vu depuis lors .
the military reorganization that the ndpo envisages is far - reaching
( EL ) Monsieur le Président , la protection des citoyens européens contre les accidents et les catastrophes naturelles est directement liée à leur sécurité économique et sociale .
Il touche l' Union européenne en tant qu' entité .
we endorsed the agenda on monday but i take your point and we will try to improve in future
Monsieur le Président , comme le commissaire l' a déclaré , il approuve cette résolution , qui rappelle tout ce que l' accord de libre - échange UE - Inde pourrait encourager , à savoir les investissements , l' élimination des barrières tarifaires et non tarifaires , etc.
L’ une de celles - ci est toujours en cours , alors que nous devons également débattre d’ autres questions cruciales , telles que la grippe aviaire .
i am delighted to hear that he has accepted that
La Cour a proposé des débats interinstitutionnels sur le concept de " risque d' erreur tolérable " .
Ainsi donc , nous allons poser , en février et mars , ces deux conditions .
we know that the people of the region want that process and that with the help amongst other things of the commission 's programme they are learning to cooperate with one another
Oui , les peuples , je dis bien les peuples parce que je constate que , malheureusement aujourd’hui , il est de mode de parler des citoyens et d’ éliminer les peuples , comme on l’ a vu dans le projet de traité constitutionnel de la Convention .
starting a war is always a grave step and the effects are never neatly calculable
only true solidarity can help here and not the saint florian principle of hoping that the lightning strikes elsewhere
À travers toute son histoire , l' Europe a vécu de sanglants conflits , les peuples et les États s' affrontant , et les terres tchèques ont souvent représenté les croisées des chemins sanglants de ces batailles .
C' est la raison pour laquelle il nous faut régler les problèmes mineurs en suspens .
unemployment now stands at 9%--unimaginable before the handover in 1997 when both tung and china promised that hong kong would do even better under chinese sovereignty than under british rule
i do not believe that in the present situation this would be the right moment to suspend it but the matter must be discussed
Pour en venir à la directive sur laquelle notre Parlement est consulté aujourd'hui , elle va sans doute être l' objet de longs marchandages au Conseil , où l' unanimité est exigée .
how we intend to help the people affected by the floods by means of trade facilitation is beyond me
Nous disposons à présent d' un mécanisme viable en place et prêt à l' emploi .
the international crisis has abated a little but that does not mean it has been resolved so we must remain vigilant and bear in mind the results of our debates
so firstly i want to make it very clear that our approach is not a separatist movement
as everyone who has ever had an unpalatable job knows shutting off the alarm and pulling the blanket over one ’s head is not a solution
N’ était - ce pas suffisant de prouver que le commandement militaire serbe bosniaque était financé et payé par la Serbie et étroitement lié aux dirigeants politiques et militaires serbes ?
Mes remerciements s’ adressent également à M. Galeote Quecedo , qui a dirigé de manière aussi efficace le travail de la commission du développement régional .
Il manquerait également une préoccupation pour le modèle de développement soutenable .
Or , je trouve que c' est une métaphore formidable de la situation de l' architecture et des architectes aujourd'hui .
everyone started laughing
J' ai donc soutenu cet accord , qui permettra à toute compagnie aérienne de l' Union européenne d' assurer des vols entre n' importe quel État membre et le Viêt Nam .
this requires sufficient international and local observers media that can freely report on the election campaign and people who can vote truly freely without outside pressure
our responsibility is not only that of being jointly responsible for the climate debt but of doing everything possible to convince people of the only sensible solution and of being a tireless defender of the fair and effective collective effort
first as with all systems that preceded it it puts the burden of adjustment on deficit countries not on surplus countries
Ainsi , nous empêcherons efficacement les distorsions de concurrence dommageables .
in helsinki the european countries bent over backwards yet again for american geo - political interests and for nothing else
we also need much bolder action to ensure poor people genuinely benefit from world trade
authorisation and refusal of authorisation of certain health claims made on foods and referring to children 's development and health
Dans ce cas , parlons de la Colombie et du Honduras .
however currently little more than half of maltese and gozitan enterprises have taken part in this scheme
Nous devons veiller à permettre les nouveaux entrants dans autant de domaines de l' économie européenne que possible .
Ils l' inspectent , recherchent les craquelures , les dommages dûs au foret , les fragments , les petits morceaux .
again there is cause for optimism china ’s imports from asia have been growing faster than china ’s exports to the us for the last several years
A ces suggestions j' ajouterai que le G3 ou le G7 ne devraient pas exclure d' autres acteurs globaux importants , notamment l' Asie et l' ASEAN , dont les représentants parlementaires sont réunis en conclave avec les députés du Parlement européen ici à Strasbourg .
however we need solutions for a number of problems which are being encountered by both those using solvit 's services and its staff
Étant maintenant en possession de ce rapport , la Commission , en tant qu' autorité investie du pouvoir de nomination , va réfléchir aux mesures appropriées à adopter dans cette procédure .
La réunion de Bali ne se tient pas au moment opportun , puisque George W. Bush , depuis longtemps sceptique au sujet du réchauffement planétaire et engagé pour ébranler le multilatéralisme , est toujours le président des Etats - Unis .
La France a des responsabilités politiques , mais les premières interventions de cette séance ont démontré que d' autres ont le droit et surtout l' obligation d' intervenir .
Malheureusement , nous ne disposons pas à cette heure de beaucoup d' éléments attestant qu' il a désormais compris qu' il ne pouvait pas continuer à défier l' opinion mondiale indéfiniment .
Je fais uniquement remarquer que , sachant que le traité CECA arrive à expiration , nous ne possédons plus d' instrument adapté dans ce domaine .
when you look at copies like this you wonder how do the luxury high - end brands remain in business
Il n' est pas possible de faire deux choses à la fois .
this is a great civilisation and one that is closely related to our own
J' ai passé des heures à chercher la clé que j' avais laissée tomber .
Je me demande donc : combien de ces dépêches auront une importance à long terme ?
that equates to two turkish soldiers outside every turkish cypriot house
Ces associations sont - elles fausses ?
mr fiori said that voluntary modulation has failed
our concern is then that this is not a sound proposal and it is for that reason that we will be voting against it
Ainsi , si le déclenchement de l' intervention des OMT est si salutaire , pourquoi les gouvernements espagnol et italien y sont - ils si peu disposés ?
Je ne suis pas entièrement sûre de ce qu’ il faudrait faire , mais je soutiens une tentative , sous la forme du groupe Americans Elect , de provoquer un changement radical aux Etats - Unis .
so in indonesia at this time if you were carrying a needle and the cops rounded you up they could put you into jail
this teacher goes by the name of pops
Je suis plutôt déçu de la façon dont il a interprété mes paroles au lieu de les reprendre fidèlement .
it can help us to refute the myth that the internal market is something that is only for business and that the consumer has nothing to gain from it
L’ approche diplomatique musclée nécessaire pour s’ attaquer au problème doit comprendre trois éléments .
this wall of undisturbed snow back - lit by sunlight shows the striations of winter and summer snow layer upon layer
Un de ceux qui avait bien compris qu' il y avait bien là un problème était Richard Feynman .
do we want to go back to nice
Espérons que , cette fois , nous retiendrons mieux la leçon que lors des précédents épisodes de crise .
i want to hear you play the piano
it is always a question of trying to find a balance and that is what we have to do today
mr president i thank the president - in - office and the commissioner for a helpful introduction to this debate and i congratulate the rapporteurs for their good work on the reports before us today
Comme l’ a souligné M. Juncker dans son discours d’ adieu , la politique de solidarité est la plus importante des politiques de l’ Europe unifiée .
Winston Churchill a dit un jour “ La guerre est une affaire trop sérieuse pour être confiée à des militaires . ”
Elles exigent uniquement de la volonté politique et sont toutes nécessaires .
the commission will soon be launching a study to gain an overview of existing legal arrangements and practice across the member states
at the same time of course i also bid you step in when public statements statistics or actions go against your convictions and the facts
Il n' y aura pas de solution , ni de paix durable , tant que l' on n' aura pas séparé les combattants , ce qui est possible dans ce pays .
chris could you stand up and let them see you -- a young visionary filmmaker who 's made a film
bank robbery will cost you ten years in prison
L' équité devra être la base du nouveau fonctionnement sain de la finance mondiale .
one reason though why these funds are not going to be used – and not spent on other things either – is that we are well aware that we will need these amounts of money if we get a statute
( EN ) Monsieur le Président , la tragédie qui a frappé Haïti est épouvantable .
Voici une petite balle en pierre qui flotte .
they therefore need reliable policies to support them
Mais les femmes qui dépendent davantage d’ un mari acceptent souvent plus facilement le « deux poids , deux mesures » , qui met l’ accent sur la pureté féminine et la galanterie masculine .
Certains prétendront que les bons négociateurs n’ ont besoin que de tact – cette capacité à exposer ses principes pour voiler ses réels intérêts .
Je ne pense pas que quiconque doive avoir peur de la vérité , et le Parlement peut certainement , à l' aide d' un nouveau rapport , apporter de la lumière sur cette question et en finir avec les plaintes et soupçons injustifiés .
the purpose of this proposal for a council decision is thus to ratify on behalf of the community the aforementioned international treaty
today at long last everyone knows what is meant by “ land ” and everyone knows what is meant by “ peace ”
we now continue with the vote
that new gizmo that you want is over at the store now
let me just end with another point
sweden is one of only three countries to have allowed citizens of the new member states to work within its territory almost immediately after the latter joined the european union without imposing any transitional measures
our outgoing funds are of course incoming funds for our colleagues in the african parliaments
like i said contagious is a good word
and this little girl comes up to me
Malgré les améliorations enregistrées dans le monde du travail et le nombre croissant de femmes occupant des postes à responsabilité , l' égalité de traitement doit faire l' objet d' une action de sensibilisation accrue .
the economic crisis difficulties faced in migrating and the lack of changeover among the ruling classes have created an explosive combination that is affecting tunisia and egypt now but is likely to spread to other countries
as a matter of fact this is inevitable because we can not stimulate a european debate and then restrict the intellectual exercise of extending it to other issues as the president pointed out
Toutefois , cela doit aller de pair avec des procédures plus claires en vue de répondre rapidement aux urgences qu' entraîne la conservation .
Le même principe doit s’ appliquer pour les organisations sans but lucratif qui exécutent un service public .
Dans nos relations avec le Turkménistan , nous ne devons pas oublier que , sans coopération économique entre l' UE et le Turkménistan , le niveau de vie baissera dans le pays .
Savez - vous quelles seront les possibilités techniques des quarante prochaines années ?
Il est temps pour nous d' agir , et je demande à la Commission et au Conseil de mettre en œuvre un plan d' action pour aider au retour à la sécurité au Sahel .
J' ai voulu consacrer mon discours d' aujourd' hui au problème du Belarus .
helping developing countries to develop their trade above all means helping the populations of those countries to try to live a better life
unfortunately this objective is not achieved in the amendments proposed by the commission which seem to pay more attention to the needs of the producer than the consumer
longtime members of the european union now seem to doubt the union ’s future but we in ukraine look at the european union with hope and admiration
Il semblerait que nous n' ayons aucun fonds et aucune possibilité pour cela .
mr president i congratulate ria oomen - ruijten for her balanced and fair but strict approach on such a controversial issue
Je tiens à féliciter chaleureusement M. Muscat pour son rapport très équilibré et le remercier pour le climat de coopération ouvert et constructif .
this is not the case olaf was set up in order to investigate allegations of this kind
there is no provision for a national safeguard clause at this level - even if for example a nation were to vote against the use of a gmo in a referendum
Des chevaliers à la Don Quichotte parcouraient probablement la campagne de l’ Espagne médiévale , non pour tuer les dragons , mais les quelques Musulmans restants dans le pays .
the commission 's proposed mandatory annual shelf registration system is also problematic
message number three do n't leave before you leave
it was also agreed at the spring summit that the reduction target would be raised to 30 % if other industrialised nations committed themselves to cutting their greenhouse - gas emissions
Je sais que , récemment , le président Borrell a une nouvelle fois encouragé la Commission à suivre cette voie .
the european union 's neoliberal social security policy must be changed
Polanski est Français , or la France est probablement plus indulgente à l' égard de ses grands artistes que les USA .
that is why i limited my answer to the link between the structural funds and potential relocation processes
regardless of the type of packaging it is essential that the consumer has clear information
Vous devez l' arrêter .
within the european economy as a whole smes account for 99 % of all businesses and provide jobs for almost 100 hundred million europeans
this is a ufo shot from my house in altadena california looking down over pasadena
Améliorer , oui , compléter , oui , remettre en cause , non !
ethiopia to take one example emits 0.1 tonnes of carbon dioxide per inhabitant per year whilst my own country sweden emits more than 6 tonnes per person per year
C' est pourquoi nous devons prendre des mesures immédiates pour faire évoluer cette situation , ou nos certitudes au sujet d' une nourriture européenne saine et sûre de la plus haute qualité sembleront sans fondement .
Ils cherchent une maison où habiter .
La dimension septentrionale m’ était apparue comme une initiative ambitieuse lorsque le Premier ministre finlandais , M. Lipponen , l’ avait formulée il y a huit ans .
in recital 14 we talk about increasing healthy life years and we want to delete the words also called disability - free life expectancy indicator
european researchers scientists and inventors can naturally apply in the united states for patents on what they have developed on the scientific ideas they have publicised
however the latest session of the human rights dialogue took place more than a year ago
for the first time arab authoritarian regimes have been toppled and others are threatened by mass demonstrations calling for freedom and democracy
let us together as a parliament view supporting the developments towards democracy in belarus as one of our most crucially urgent tasks
today he is refusing to do so
Des pays en développement ont introduit un vaste système de remboursement de TVA pour les consommateurs disposant de reçus officiels .
i 'll tell you a secret
the mayors started collecting signatures on 1 december and they would like to give the petition to you mr president here in strasbourg in the spring
there are just three simple rules
L’ hypothèse avancée par le commissaire Rehn lors de la réunion de janvier de la commission des affaires étrangères du Parlement , concernant l’ éventuelle modification de la base juridique de cette proposition , n’ a pas , à ce jour , été présentée au Conseil .
Nous pouvons aussi tester où nous pensons que les objets se trouvent , comme ce poteau de but , dans des environnements simples , ou bien sûr , où se trouve votre voiture .
Mais nous devrions également faire preuve de bon sens , d' intelligence et de clairvoyance .
and in 30,000 square meters of state - of - the - art greenhouses there we are mass - producing those predatory mites those minute pirate bugs those parasitic wasps etc etc
Ils doivent avoir la possibilité d' exercer leur droit de choisir .
La charge de la preuve concernant les exceptions incombe aux États membres et nous avons défini ces exceptions de manière assez restrictive .
and six months after the merciless pounding of southern lebanon hezbollah is as strong as it was before
so inevitably and quite rightly we will pursue changes
let us say somebody comes to ireland for a few years to earn some money
Les pesticides , et en particulier ceux utilisés dans l' agriculture , ont un impact important sur la santé humaine et sur l' environnement . Il est donc logique de continuer à réduire leur utilisation de manière significative .
Dans le cadre de l' OCDE , des efforts conjoints ont contribué à l' adoption d' importantes décisions en matière de lutte contre la corruption dans les transactions commerciales internationales .
Nous devons nous assurer qu' ils nous montrent aussi des choses qui sont inconfortables ou stimulantes ou importantes -- c' est ce que TED fait -- d' autres points de vue .
whether we like it or not it is true
Ça , c' est un type d' accès aléatoire
Il a au moins soixante ans .
Un nouveau coup dur pour la démocratie au Zimbabwe et un désastre non seulement pour ce pays mais pour toute l' Afrique australe .
Toutefois , je tiens à rappeler que le saumon sauvage est en voie de disparition dans la Baltique et que cette mer bénéficie d' un traitement spécifique de la part de la Commission .
Je pense que c' est une évolution favorable pour l' environnement et l' espace vital .
and he said frank i 've got to share with you this story that just played out in my life he said my knees are still shaking
Il ne fait aucun doute qu' améliorer la santé de la population stimule le progrès , renforce les citoyens en leur garantissant une vie plus longue , meilleure et plus productive , et constitue une condition préalable à la prospérité économique .
this really is losing all credibility
the firing squad aimed fired -- the general was dead
Excusez - moi , pourriez - vous m' indiquer la route pour la poste ?
but i extend my thanks to the danish presidency for its competent leadership
Le silence est doux .
De fait , c' est une agriculture de rêve , surtout pour la Commission européenne .
Le paragraphe 20 du rapport fait certes référence au marché du travail , mais la problématique exige un approfondissement plus rigoureux .
Deuxièmement , parce qu' il confirme le consensus sur le contenu de la politique économique européenne .
i think that is good and i also welcome the measures the commission has taken
the manpower crisis is even more acute in sectors that demand greater skills and qualifications
" Les plus courageux sont assurément ceux qui bénéficient d' une parfaite clairvoyance de ce qui est devant eux tant en gloire qu' en dangers .
Les transports dans cette ville sont très pratiques .
the choice is now obama ’s
Les autorités sanitaires craignent régulièrement que par hasard , un autre virus de la grippe aviaire mute et se propage d' un individu à un autre , entraînant ainsi une pandémie mondiale .
sustainable development concerns all policy areas
russia clearly believes that the current tight world energy market and high prices give it enough leverage over the west to maintain its current approach
Le houblon est , dans le monde entier , une matière première indispensable pour la fabrication de la bière .
i do not know how we can do this but i believe that we must and quickly
some of them are quite dreadful diseases and often fatal
as a matter of priority laos must become freely accessible to the media so that the world can learn what is actually going on there and so that the country 's continuing deficiencies are not hidden from it
the death penalty in my view is barbaric mr president
Donc , ça , c' est , devant la Tour Eiffel , réellement , en fait , aux alentours du Louvre .
energy is the fundamental issue
Depuis de nombreuses années , nous avons été à la pointe des efforts consentis pour que nous puissions vivre ce moment historique . Malgré toute la joie que nous procure cette journée , il subsiste des doutes concernant la République tchèque .
first of all because only on the basis of the treaty and the rigorous fulfilment of the criteria which community law imposes can we define who will enter in the first wave or not
On a pratiquement laissé passer l' occasion de construire un monde plus sûr , plus équitable et plus solidaire .
Je vous remercie , et je remercie également la baronne Ashton .
L’ UE est une étrangère pour la plupart des citoyens , qui ne la considèrent pas comme leur patrie .
En ce temps - là , je me couchais plus tôt .
these are things that economists and political scientists look at all the time -- things like income and religion education
while remembering the past though we must above all look to the future
Monsieur le Président , je me permets tout d' abord de remercier sincèrement le rapporteur .
your numbers are a bit out
the treaty does not allow us to espouse the approach advocated by mr herman
Les deux étaient des communautés installées en bordure d' eau qui accueillaient à la fois des industries et des résidents l' un à coté de l' autre .
Ah , j' aimerais aller en France .
De la même façon , le gouvernement britannique nous freine par l' intermédiaire d' un système tarifaire discriminatoire dans l' accès au réseau électrique national du Royaume - Uni .
Nous sommes parvenus à adapter le budget 2002 à ces nouveaux défis et , vu la critique récurrente que subit l' Union européenne , nous devrions clamer haut et fort ce bon résultat .
Le monde arabe fait face à de sérieux problèmes qui pourront uniquement être résolus par des systèmes politiques plus flexibles et démocratiques .
i endorse mr virrankoski 's reasons for his choice and in particular i endorse the european union 's decision to contribute practically to creating safe conditions in the wake of the 1986 disaster
Dans ce contexte , croire que l' Asie va parvenir à se protéger entièrement des chocs externes - ce que l' on appelle le découplage - est chimérique .
( CS ) Je vous remercie , Monsieur le Président .
we often seek an excuse in the percentages of women in various organisations
Je considère que le bilan des biocarburants est très positif et doit nous inciter à y recourir davantage .
Si aucun changement radical n' intervient , nous courons le risque de dépasser le plafond budgétaire dès 2003 et encore plus en 2004 .
Allez - y ! La pire Famine .
Mon copain pleurait .
i mean the little bowl of that stuff that had cooled down -- you 'd light it and it would just start dancing around the yard
he worked as an advocate he continued to play cricket
J' en ai fini avec mon travail .
that is one factor
with regard to the structural funds the number of significant errors affecting payments remains too high
this political decision can not be justified on the technicality that the payment had already been delayed once until after the elections and that it was just the third in a series of payments
Au Japon , elles sont de 8 mégabits et , si j' ai bien compris , leur prix est très largement inférieur à ce que nous payons .
in fact its potential is far from having been achieved as yet
Mais je peux vous donner quelques exemples .
Elle a fait tout ce qu' elle pouvait pour moi .
L' accord lui - même n' est qu' une déclaration d' engagement politique .
La conclusion qui peut être tirée de la catastrophe au Japon est que nous ne devons pas utiliser les centrales nucléaires pendant autant d' années .
in part we have the legacy of freud who was a pessimist who said that pursuit of happiness is a doomed quest is propelled by infantile aspects of the individual that can never be met in reality
Avec parcimonie et zèle , on peut construire un château .
Cela me rappelle la préparation de la guerre contre l’ Irak .
finally there is the question of double standards
Le niveau de vie s' est amélioré et la croissance est beaucoup plus forte au Chili que dans d' autres pays latino-américains ; j' espère seulement que cette politique aura des répercussions bénéfiques sur les autres pays .
given the fundamental problems underlying it copenhagen ’s failure should not be a surprise
these priorities are nevertheless absent from the draft and most conspicuously so from the council proposals
it was told by an anonymous kwakiutl indian of southern alaska to a missionary in 1896 and here it is
we do of course want environmental and social standards to be as high as possible as a fundamental of european policy this is beyond dispute
what can the european union do in such circumstances
we think that firstly soft - law measures should be considered because that is also the most effective way to respond to global issues
Nous avons un devoir à remplir envers les Européens , et pour le bien de notre environnement , nous devons joindre le geste à la parole .
Monsieur le Président , Mesdames et Messieurs , Monsieur le Commissaire , tous ces thèmes conduiront , je n' en doute pas un seul instant , à de longues mais intéressantes discussions lors des prochaines réunions de l' Eurogroupe .
Cela signifierait que l' on romprait l' étroite collaboration qui existe entre ces régions , et qui du reste reçoit , par le biais d' Interreg , une aide de l' UE destinée à la soutenir , notamment au moyen des communications interrégionales .
for these are prerequisite to any development
Rien de plus efficace à cette fin que le dialogue et , par conséquent , l' Union européenne maintiendra un dialogue intense avec la Ligue arabe et avec l' Organisation de la conférence des États islamiques .
La stratégie européenne pour une croissance durable et inclusive demeure élevée sur la liste des préoccupations de l' Union , et elle doit absolument être présente dans la préparation du budget de l' Union européenne pour 2012 .
Cela vaut du moins pour la Flandre où la situation est grave .
Cela signifie qu' il y aura un contrôle de l' opération tant de la part de l' Union européenne qu' au sein de la Fédération de Russie elle - même .
i am aware of the problems the trouble and the annoyance caused to communities living next to major road transport arteries and this is why we are looking at how we can improve the quality of this traffic
- Monsieur le Président , je pense que Mme Quisthoudt - Rowohl et ma collègue Mme McNally ont toutes deux parfaitement exposé leurs positions divergentes .
pursuant to the clearly drafted assistants statute accredited parliamentary assistants will henceforth enjoy many privileges hitherto reserved exclusively for servants of the other european institutions
in fact by definition these are decisions about something that will happen to us after we die
Je voudrais évidemment profiter aussi de l' occasion pour remercier les intervenants pour l' appréciation bien trop flatteuse qu' ils ont exprimée à mon égard .
Pour ce qui est des nouveaux moyens de financement , nous avons l' intention d' agir .
we are ready to provide immediate assistance in preparing and organising the electoral process as well as lasting support for a genuine democratic transition
Et un jour , il est revenu d’ un jogging et il a dit , « Papa , mes jambes me chatouillent . » Et c’ était le début de la SLA .
Selon moi , la participation des établissements du premier degré se justifie pour de nombreuses raisons .
Puis le gouvernement a promis de mettre fin au gâchis des services sociaux .
La raison pour laquelle vous ne pouvez pas est parce que nous pensons l' amour comme une chose binaire .
what action does the council intend to take in the face of this seriously discriminatory attitude which runs contrary to the principles of the eu
En écoutant ce débat , je pense qu' il s' agit de l' essence même de ce qui a été dit .
no matter what happens
i 'll tell you that one of the things that i feel is really critical for us in industry in business is to be able to be passionate about solving these problems
such schemes may provide an important demand stimulus for the automotive industry at community level and should also ensure a level playing field within the internal market
sunlight is not alone
more action needs to be taken by the governments of both countries and the commission needs to monitor that action on our behalf
to put it in non - technical terms what will the consequence of these balkan wars actually be
Le calme et le décorum de la population japonaise sont la seule consolation de cette vision apocalyptique que les médias ont retransmise dans le monde entier .
Que faut - il faire ?
Le Parlement , il faut lui en être reconnaissant , a insisté pour obtenir des informations , a remédié à la situation , tout en accordant généreusement à la Commission des emplois pour le personnel permanent .
Earth Witness nous montrerait deux mondes : le monde qu’ on laisse derrière nous , et le monde que nous construisons pour les générations à venir .
Les entreprises ont intérêt à investir dans une technologie favorable à l' environnement .
Elle créerait de fausses attentes et risquerait de ralentir les efforts des pays en question pour la mise en place des réformes requises par les feuilles de route .
Ces projets ont donc tous un sens humaniste , et je pense qu' en tant que designers , nous devons vraiment penser à la manière de créer une relation différente entre notre travail et le monde , que ce soit dans le secteur privé , ou , comme je vais le montrer , dans des projets à portée civique .
what i find more baffling frankly even inexplicable is the notion that the talks could flounder on the us and to a lesser extent the eu position on agriculture
C' est pourquoi j' ai plaidé pour que les montants qui sont inscrits dans le PDB et dans l' avant - projet de budget et qui se réfèrent aux correspondants Prince et aux correspondants MEDIA présents dans les capitales des États membres soient retenus .
pledges of billions of dollars are announced
small and medium - sized enterprises are essential in the creation and maintenance of employment
some critics of calderón ’s government now say that it is time to change strategy perhaps even returning to the pre - fox policy of tolerance
En moyenne , le portail propose un accès à plus de 1 200 000 offres .
why what did we want to do
La convention dirigée par Valéry Giscard d' Estaing a produit quelque chose de tout à fait différent .
Les Britanniques sont des Européens frileux , pour un certain nombre de raisons historiques et culturelles .
there are certain churches european ones too that to my mind with all due respect for their teachings ought to warn against unprotected sex and that includes advocating the use of condoms
Accuser les Américains et leur force est bien trop simpliste et superficiel , même si leurs erreurs sont , de fait , très nombreuses .
S' il faut combattre sans cesse toutes législations inutiles et les dépenses administratives y afférentes , il faut veiller à règlementer , soigneusement et avec discernement , les activités économiques dans l' intérêt bien compris des consommateurs et des producteurs .
Je crains que nous n' ayons fait mine de prendre en considération la plupart des accusations sérieuses de corruption dans ce pays .
this culture forms an important part of the community of the european peoples
Si nous poursuivions sur notre lancée , sans un effort d’ atténuation important , nos émissions atteindraient le quadruple du niveau acceptable d’ ici 2050 .
Les élections se sont déroulées globalement conformément à nos normes , comme je l' ai dit , mais d' autres améliorations et une volonté politique s' imposent pour faire face aux défis qui subsistent .
Pourtant , le but majeur en termes de recherche scientifique et de santé publique continue de nous échapper : la mise au point d’ un vaccin efficace contre le VIH .
En tant que chimiste inorganique , mes amis et mes collèges font la distinction entre le monde organique et vivant et le monde inorganique et mort .
Le deuxième passage en revue technique a été terminé en juin et en juillet de cette année et comprend plusieurs amendements que le Parlement a approuvés lors de la session plénière de mars 2009 .
Monsieur le Président , ce mardi , nous avons reçu dans cet hémicycle la visite du président de la Colombie , Monsieur Pastrana , dont nous avons tous applaudi la proposition de plan de paix .
yesterday in this chamber we debated the subject of the persecution of christians
it is what everybody says
Ne te soucie de rien !
both this parliament and the ecofin council of 5 june agree with the analysis of the commission and the central bank with regard to cyprus and malta 's compliance with the convergence criteria laid down in the treaty
Dans les cas d' infraction classés par secteur en 2009 , les déchets représentent 19 % , l' eau 20 % , l' environnement 19 % , l' air 16 % et le reste moins .
on the contrary i believe that we must look at the whole picture in the tobacco policy in order to effectively be able to have a strategy on the tobacco issue
Je voudrais soumettre deux ou trois questions pratiques au commissaire Dimas .
their departure from political life is becoming widely viewed as a symptom of deepening divisions among the putin - era governing elite even a harbinger of political crisis
mrs roth - behrendt rightly said that we know nothing about the disease and that is true but we have not set up a european - scale filter which could be genuinely uniform and effective
did you see the sunset earlier it was really beautiful
twenty - five per cent of the actions are new and approximately 75 % of the actions are continuity actions
this is a task which israel 's leaders and citizens are more than capable of handling themselves
if the enlargement process is to be completed with the support of the european people it is crucial that they are shown the need for appropriate institutions to be put in place
En France et en Espagne , il existe des mouvements régionaux limités , mais efficaces ( et parfois violents ) .
set up to protect the weak against the strong labor unions had become by the 1970 ’s enemies of economic progress a massive force of social conservatism
it 's a gift handed down from the intelligent skills and rich emotional lives of our most ancient ancestors
Et la réponse est que ces variations sont incroyables .
Nous identifions un groupe de personnes dans toutes ces pratiques que nous appelons les hors-la-loi malins .
the diagnosis is a familiar one known as the dutch disease
Il aurait dû ne pas être assez bête pour le faire .
L' Europe a sa propre définition du terrorisme , mais comme vous le savez , certains pays membres de l' assemblée générale des Nations Unies ne souscrivent encore ni à la teneur , ni à la procédure d' une convention des Nations Unies sur le terrorisme .
that constitutes a system of decarbonisation which is independent of the business cycle and which always rewards the party making the cuts unlike our current system of emissions trading
it restricts consultation to a handful of brussels federations
so kuchma knows that he can not rely on handpicking his successor as yeltsin did in russia
Afin de relever ces défis communs , nous devons restaurer la croissance et l' emploi , modifier le modèle économique et favoriser le développement durable mondial et , ce faisant , nous devons assurer l' avenir du modèle social européen .
Elle perd également des marchés publics importants , qui lui ont permis de maintenir ses obligations de service public , à cause des exigences appliquées à ces marchés .
mr president commissioner the vlasto report contains mature and balanced deliberations that mark a new stage in the debate on europe ’s industrial policy which is currently in crisis
how is it possible to exclude in a way consistent with legal certainty a sector that is not properly defined
i was also an early writer
we look forward to the work of the european maritime safety agency
supplementary and amending budget no 1/97
he is proud that his father was a great scientist
even in this crisis the level of aaa defaults in structured credits in europe is less than 0.3 % which means that 99.9 % of aaas have not defaulted
indeed turkey ’s changing perception of itself has shaped its so - far frustrated drive to serve as a peace broker between israel and its arab enemies syria and hamas
i believe we can speak of a globalisation of perversion
that 's not at all what my creative process is -- i 'm not the pipeline
Au même moment , les Kurdes d' Irak semblent également prendre la mesure de leur besoin de relations amicales avec la Turquie .
Plus récemment a eu lieu ceci .
Le commissaire s' est exprimé à ce sujet .
it shows up in christian religions hindu religion jewish religion and islam
C' est pourquoi nous ne soutenons pas ce rapport .
Pour cause , les succès commerciaux des grands groupes industriels européens contribuent maintenant de manière de plus en plus faible au développement dans l' Union .
the way in which the european union negotiated yesterday in luxembourg demonstrates that it is not the driving force
the case of the belgian hainaut region is significant
Et j' ai compris que sa surprise était ma protection .
please reconsider
but the real risk to oil is open hostilities or sabotage of oil installations
Or , nous n' avons rien vu dans ce sens .
Outre le fait qu' il s' agit d' une question d' une grande complexité technique , nous sommes sensibles aux conséquences économiques et politiques , qui concernent surtout les petites et moyennes entreprises de conception de logiciel .
Il avance que tout dollar investi dans la préparation aux catastrophes naturelles permet d' économiser dix dollars sur les futurs dommages .
Ils ont présenté une proposition visant à réduire considérablement les droits des personnes qui travaillent aux Pays - Bas et vivent ou ont l' intention de vivre à l' étranger .
Nous savons qu' elle suscitent des craintes et finalement la xénophobie .
for the time being they rather give the impression to have thrown sandbags in disorder in an attempt to stop a wave
that would make our work easier but in all other respects the evaluation is a good one
Nous tentons d' encourager les pays candidats à instaurer les bonnes pratiques en cours au sein de l' Union européenne .
mr president on this european car free day we discover that the direct train between brussels and strasbourg has been abolished
Je voudrais que l' on n' oublie pas - et j' espère qu' on ne l' oublie pas - les acteurs qui se trouvent au milieu des deux , entre les producteurs et les distributeurs , à savoir les transformateurs .
under your presidency parliament has seen the importance that it attaches to the future of the mediterranean region and its desire to help bring about peace in the middle east
Ces techniques fournissent des données pour des modèles économétriques , que nous utilisons fréquemment lorsque nous examinons les conséquences des changements dans le fonctionnement de la politique agricole commune .
Madame la Commissaire , j' ai une question simple : l' article 186 , concrètement , pour faire quoi , à partir de quand et de quelle manière ?
the good areas include the management of the budget as a whole
Cela signifiait de concevoir en fait notre propre technologie au lieu de simplement acheter des trucs tout faits et les mettre en place .
roughly half of greece ’s external debt migrated from the private sector to official institutions
i have seen that you wish to undertake a number of endeavours in this field too
finally mr president why should we want to deprive member states of the right to withdraw recognitions when they believe this to be essential for their own safety
for when a woman is left too much alone sooner or later she begins to think;- and no man knows what then she may discover
Ce sont des situations où le modèle mental ne correspond pas à la réalité .
but the obstacles also include layers of corrupt bureaucrats and politicians – a vast network of resistance to reform
my uncle guaranteed my debts
Les exigences et les objectifs de Lisbonne et de Göteborg doivent à présent prendre corps .
it is important for people to know their rights to know that the eu is not working above their heads but with them
par écrit . - ( FI ) Madame la Présidente , j' estime que les rapports adoptés sur les pesticides et les produits phytopharmaceutiques sont les meilleurs possibles , tout en étant réalistes et constructifs , et c' est pourquoi je leur ai apporté mon appui .
on the other hand it also taught me where superstition gets me because i really had a terrible time in hong kong
Face à une situation aussi inquiétante , il devient urgent de restaurer la sécurité dans la région .
88 % of the eu 's stocks are overfished against a global average of about 27 %
Ceci constitue une violation flagrante de la liberté de la presse et de la liberté de relater les événements .
La clé pour faire partie d' une meute , c' est bien le mot ' meute ' .
some people think that religion is an adaptation evolved both by cultural and biological evolution to make groups to cohere in part for the purpose of trusting each other and then being more effective at competing with other groups
this discussion of ours today of course relates to the european legislation on working hours in road transport which entered into force on 23 march
C' est la tournée à deux centimes .
thank you for your invitation
Il a eu un accident et s’ est cassé la jambe .
there will be a spinning magnetic field
65 million years ago the dinosaurs had a bad day
J' expliquerai comment prendre ce médicament .
Mais je suis prêt , et je le souligne , à examiner avec le Conseil de ministres comment limiter l' aide régionale , peut - être même en combinaison avec certaines autres mesures .
i am very grateful for the fact that this resolution has been supported by all the groups in the house
Les visages dans l' auditoire étaient très sérieux et attentifs .
we will now go together to the press conference
the european council will also address the situation in the middle east
that girl is good - looking
but when i chose a career as an adult it was filmmaking
J' ai donc essayé de trouver d' autres moyens de produire de l' électricité solaire à bas coût .
both electronic goods manufacturers and consumers need to assume their responsibilities in order to meet this target
this brings the number of countries which have ratified the treaty to 40 which means that it came into force on 1 march 1998 and the process of ridding the world of landmines can now begin on 1 march 1999
even if the country avoids going over the “ fiscal cliff ” a poorly designed political compromise that cuts the deficit too quickly could push an already weak economy into recession
( PL ) Monsieur le Président , je commencerais par dire que je crois que nous devrions soutenir les trois rapports et par remercier les trois rapporteurs pour leurs efforts .
china ought to regard this not as a burdensome necessity but as an inspiration to greatness
indeed i take the view – and i am certainly not the only one to do so – that parliament must have a part to play in negotiations not tomorrow but today
although it is the first point in the opinion by the committee on foreign affairs but it has not received adequate emphasis in the report
Maintenant , on va donc avoir même moins que la statistique dont je vous ai parlé .
we are still aiming for 2012 but we must not feel we have to rush through a text based on lowest common denominators purely for the sake of sticking to deadlines
Es - tu en train de me dire comment faire mon boulot ?
excuse me but the political groups represented in the conference of presidents are supposed to inform their members of the decisions taken by the conference
first of all the ban was not imposed for nothing it was introduced to stop the bse crisis
Je pense néanmoins que le résultat de la commission de l' environnement , de la santé publique et de la politique des consommateurs était équilibré et qu' il doit bénéficier d' un soutien total demain .
this only serves to remind me of the recent incident involving the political appointment of a vice - president at the national bank of romania anything but the model professional presented by mr constâncio
the incompetence of the governments that implemented the agreement exacerbates that defect by sidelining structural reforms and enacting only the terms concerning austerity
a few might not have toppled at all
mr president when assessing any draft regulations we first have to establish what objectives we are pursuing and what aspect of life in society we are trying to put in order
Ce sont des épines que voient les travailleurs dans votre pays et vous conviendrez que c' est un peu difficile de s' endormir sur des épines .
Jane a proposé de s' occuper de nos enfants lorsque nous sortons .
Demain , le travail devra être prêt .
after all we have already contributed eur 120 million to the global health fund from the eu and edf budgets
it is likely that keynes ’s “ target ” of $ 66,000 will be achieved for most western countries by 2030
the infamous ankang system is a reality in china particularly in the run - up to the olympic games
( RO ) M. le Président , M. le commissaire , chers députés européens , entre 1995 et 2004 , le transport de fret a augmenté de 28 % , et on prévoit une hausse de 50 % d' ici 2020 .
C' est comme cela que la révolution est née en Tunisie .
Objet : Contrôle de l' application des droits des voyageurs aériens et ferroviaires
La plupart des hommes concernés par cette étude présentaient des troubles du comportement envers les femmes .
Mon premier amalgame dentaire date d’ il y a vingt et un ans et je l’ ai toujours .
i made a mistake about the report and i also had a written statement about the european union - united states summit so i would ask that you allow me to present it now
Malheureusement , la résolution de compromis adoptée par le Parlement européen ne témoigne pas de cette ferme volonté politique .
the commission is therefore particularly grateful for the widespread support expressed in mr berend ’s report for extending the eu solidarity fund to non - natural disasters and for enlarging the scope of eligible operations accordingly
what will happen should crude strength and hard language prove inadequate to the task of insuring russian national interests
Le rapport défend aussi l' OMC et le mécanisme de règlement des différends , il cherche à renforcer tous les mécanismes de défense commerciale les plus offensifs ( antidumping ) et défensifs ( protection ) .
it is therefore a symbol of the efforts being made to create a balanced euro - atlantic relationship in which europe maintains its independence takes special initiatives and has its own role
the fence assumes that they as a people are the source of the deadly threats to the settlers
fortunately the treaty of amsterdam which enters into force on 1 may will increase our power a little notably as regards the investiture of the commission
as proof look at the number of mathematical formulas that exist for this purpose the south korean formula the european formula and of course the swiss formula
Monsieur le Président , la concurrence est l' âme et le moteur de la politique européenne en matière de marché intérieur .
if we once start on that we would have to start counting advertising as one of the fundamental human rights noone would be very keen on that
Nous avons à présent les moyens nécessaires pour pouvoir aborder ces questions avec le plus grand sérieux et en toute urgence , et c’ est ce que nous ferons .
Dans leur “ temps libre ” , elles font le ménage et s’ occupent de leurs enfants .
Selon certains éléments d' information , une majorité de membres de la Commission serait pour l' abolition de ce bon système et l' instauration d' un système d' échange de certificats verts .
mr schwab raised the question of a uniform approach to damages which is a very valid question for all of us
Je pense à mes vacances .
La politique monétaire exceptionnellement décontractée du début de la décennie a contribué à pousser les investisseurs à acheter des produits financiers de basse qualité afin d’ obtenir des rendements plus élevés , et a provoqué une explosion des prix de l’ immobilier .
C' est donc au Parlement de saisir - ce qui constitue un défi - cette occasion pour pouvoir jouer son rôle .
Quand je me suis levé , le soleil était déjà haut .
Je vous donne donc la parole , Monsieur le Commissaire , en son nom et au nom de la Commission .
it 's the second world war a german prison camp and this man archie cochrane is a prisoner of war and a doctor and he has a problem
so the silence of scientists of technologists of public policy makers of the change agent drew our attention that this is not on this is not on this is not the way society will work
Je ne vois pas pourquoi les citoyens français - et j' ai un pied dans chaque camp - ne pourraient pas profiter du cabotage .
it 's created depositing layers of about four microns
Et comme vous pouvez le constater , ce sont essentiellement des gens bizarres .
Nous sommes tous conscients que nous devons nous battre en faveur de l’ égalité entre les citoyens , ce qui est tout autre chose .
L’ Union européenne doit reconnaître comme il le mérite le rôle joué par les femmes dans la réconciliation , la coexistence pacifique et le développement des pays d’ Europe du Sud - Est et le renforcer de toutes les manières possibles .
Lors d' une discussion sur Internet mardi dernier , nous avons reçu plus de 2 600 questions en deux heures .
so dennett 's in the lead a little bit there
Le meilleur , c' est que , quand vous utilisez une casserole anti-adhésive coûteuse , vous mangez le fameux Teflon ou genre de Teflon parce qu' au fil du temps , la matière disparaît . Pour aller où ?
remarkably the research suggests that a total of about $ 9 billion spent implementing marine cloud - whitening technology might be able to offset this entire century ’s global warming
Dans le cas contraire , il peut être sanctionné .
Les Fonds européens devront être mobilisés y compris le nouveau Fonds d' ajustement à la mondialisation .
Cependant nous devons souligner que l' objectif de développement rural , tout comme d' autres objectifs , est plutôt considéré comme un voeux pieu , d' autant plus qu' on ne lui affecte pas les ressources financières suffisantes .
Pour mettre un terme à cette incertitude , il faut absolument que la date du scrutin soit fixée et communiquée le plus vite possible , avec un calendrier précis pour la levée de l' état d' urgence .
so they whip it out and you see men they have that black card
when the commission presents its study we will be able to tell to what extent the limits will result in a shift from sea to road transport in particular in the north sea and the baltic
this partial improvement of the european globalisation adjustment fund falls short of what is needed in this serious crisis that we are experiencing
many of these accidents - many of which can be avoided - come about because of the poor use of scaffolding or ladders
the commission issued a communiqué on the subject some eighteen months ago and so it was high time parliament dealt with it
Ainsi les idées changent les états .
the business community expects us to keep it free from political interference
nevertheless some biologists believe that they are on the verge of creating a microbe in the laboratory
Cela nous prit quinze minutes de terminer le travail .
referring to article 5.3 on cancellations this only applies in the case of compensation but does not apply to matters such as re - routing
Enfin , les exportateurs de pétrole comme l' Arabie Saoudite et les Emirats Arabes Unis cherchent à mettre de côté de la richesse pendant les années fastes .
let 's talk about it after school
john met mary on his way to school
Yaakov a nourri le mouton .
the references in this resolution to the lisbon treaty are highly detrimental
how do you bring an intimacy into a hall
in the light of the european union 's enlargement process the commission 's proposal for reform of the structural funds acquires a particular importance for the future of european citizens
in 2007 this figure stood at 923 million people
Elle voulait que je vienne .
L’ aide à la reconstruction de l’ Irak et de l’ Afghanistan convient beaucoup mieux à l’ Union européenne que de nombreuses autres formes de politique extérieure .
Ces crises multiples génèrent , de la part de nos concitoyens , une forte attente et un espoir auquel la stratégie Europe 2020 aurait dû répondre .
what they lack is that safe space to come together agree and move to action
and then the next step is another 15 volts
i made an appointment to see him at seven o'clock
Donc , d' un point de vue économique et social , ce sera extrêmement difficile pour eux .
unmovic and the international atomic energy agency should return to iraq at the earliest opportunity and complete their mission
in recent days many representatives and intellectuals throughout europe have been writing to call for unesco not to hold world philosophy day in tehran
establish a coordinated and integrated management of the union 's external borders
from this point of view your two - thirds majority is excellent because it gives you plenty of time
but if this objective is to be attained in practice public health must stop being the cinderella of community policies it must be funded much more generously than to date
Le lien direct avec le contrôle des horaires de travail a disparu .
unemployment in the european union has fallen from 10 % in the mid - nineties to 7 % last june
the cause of the european crisis is not three decades of neo - liberalism nor is it the result of the collapse of a speculation - fueled asset bubble the violation of the maastricht criteria ballooning debt or greedy banks
this should be part of international economic governance
Tom dispose de peu de temps libre .
we could really have flexed our muscles last december but all we have now is a protest on paper
this should be done in the first instance in the major categories of expenditure agriculture the structural funds and administration
we began the battle against entrenched corruption imposed the rule of law on ukraine ’s robber barons and encouraged the birth of a vital civil society
enlargement is about democracy and freedom in europe but above all about european security something i am surprised no one mentioned today
of course the written answer is also very detailed and correct but it is easier to ask and make inquiries verbally and it makes the result even more interesting still
J' ai vérifié sur les autres versions .
Les statues impériales ont été mises à bas , les villes et les rues renommées , les vestiges de la domination étrangère ont disparus ou ont été transformés .
afghanistan indeed must be integrated into the regional pipeline and other development schemes
Si le gouvernement vénézuélien est favorable à la prééminence du droit et aux droits de l' homme , il doit protéger la liberté d' expression et apprécier la contribution cruciale que la critique et l' ouverture apportent à un pays dirigé de manière constitutionnelle .
Nous souhaitons davantage de clarté quant à ce que la Commission fera de ces pouvoirs les prochaines années .
Il y a aussi des gens qui évitent de croiser mon regard . "
now he has nothing to live for
one example of a success is that at the wto negotiations we came to a bilateral agreement on private transport to and from kaliningrad
Très simple , très clair et bien noté dans les déclarations .
Cela ne signifie cependant pas que le Conseil peut garder secrètes ses décisions et ses procédures .
Le pays s’ est rebellé contre le revirement à gauche d’ Obama et des Démocrates en donnant une victoire parlementaire historique aux Républicains en 2010 .
i am also pleased to have heard already in the remarks of the president and the vice - president of the commission an echo of what our resolution expresses
and on these chromosomes are roughly 25,000 genes
there are currently depending on whether they are free of concentrate or made from concentrate two major categories of fruit juices each of which correspond to the nature of specific products and a particular production process
what we are seeking to do is to say yes to the strong stance taken by states that protect their vessels with their armed forces to deter and if necessary legally repel pirate action
so these are helicopters with four rotors and they 're roughly a meter or so in scale and weigh several pounds
capital adequacy was a matter of judgment examiners would figure out how large a buffer a bank ought to have taking into account its specific risks
Mais , d' un autre côté , personne ne peut imaginer aujourd'hui que l' Europe des quinze États membres , avec 370 millions d' habitants , la première puissance commerciale du monde , puisse rester neutre vis-à-vis de la première préoccupation des citoyens , c' est - à - dire le chômage .
Aujourd’hui , il s’ agit d’ un éventuel virus aviaire , similaire à celui qui tua 30 millions de personnes après 1914 .
but how are we to respond to someone who has used the most merciless violence not just once not twice not three times but for ten years
there is little point in setting out goals to be achieved in terms of female employment if the flexible background services that are necessary for this for example transport facilities are not in place
it also means solidarity for to give blood is to show solidarity
next month a delegation of the knesset will be paying us a visit and it would be good if we were to organise a joint debate on this
Son souhait fut enfin exaucé .
Si tu mourais , qu' adviendrait - il de ta famille ?
the line we take is that it can not as a general rule be excluded from the scope of procurement law but nor should it be subject to general tender
J' estime qu' il est important de dire que transparence et équilibre sont nécessaires dans tous les marchés publics .
that is reflected in the current stalemate in talks between them plus germany and iran
directive 95/29 on the transport of animals lays down rules for the provision of food water and rest - breaks when transporting different categories of livestock and these regulations came into force on 1 january 1998
Selon moi , le Japon nous enseigne que les risques peuvent devenir réalité ; ce que l' on pensait impossible doit à présent être inclus dans nos prévisions .
quelque part en Amérique .
Dans ma région d’ origine - et je vais prêcher pour ma chapelle un court instant - , nous avons la chance d’ avoir gardé quelques liaisons ferroviaires .
Je suis heureux que nous ayons voté sur cette proposition aujourd'hui et qu' elle ait été adoptée à une très large majorité .
Le prologue à la crise combinait crédit bon marché , dérégulation et course au rendement chez les cadres pas effrayés par les risques connexes .
Son cas est défendu par la société civile , les organisations de défense des droits de l' homme et les églises à travers toute l' Écosse .
Moitié plus petite .
the constitutional treaty makes territorial cohesion an objective of the european union in the same way as social cohesion and economic cohesion
i ask that this project be presented at the earliest possible date
it knew that the rest of russia ’s colonies – the so - called “ soviet republics ” – would want to follow the ungrateful baltic countries into freedom
unfortunately though the site was separated from the river by mclean boulevard so i suggested let 's reroute mclean and that gave birth instantly to friends of mclean boulevard
that is what the european council called for last spring
so what i want to do here in the few minutes i have with you is really talk about what is the formula for life and good health
Ce communiqué devint la cible des opposants de Thaksin en Thaïlande , avec à leur tête l’ Alliance du peuple pour la démocratie ( PAD ) .
and this is what the next piece is about
mr president ladies and gentlemen i would like to begin with the statement by mr ashworth which played off a smarter european budget against a higher budget
it tells us nothing about causes or solutions
we should do everything possible to restore trust in the multilateral system of trade
so this is the way to go and this is what we are trying to do
Il skie à Hokkaido tous les hivers .
what does the rapporteur know that we do not
Il n' y a pas de lien direct avec notre coopération interinstitutionnelle .
in ireland all the major users of water commercial industrial and agricultural already pay for their use of water
they believe that the threat of arrest can be used to force bashir to mend his ways
Quant aux propositions avancées par le commissaire Patten , la commission des affaires étrangères a exprimé son soutien ferme en la matière .
we women refuse to be paralysed or divided by these fears
Le Conseil l' estime - t - il nécessaire ?
they could not guarantee our souls
it is a sign that we have made good use of the assistance we have received
i ca n't keep up with you
but neither side is free of contradictions and both are trapped in a seemingly insoluble conundrum
On partait de l’ hypothèse que l’ élimination du régime des taliban contribuerait à améliorer le sort de ces femmes .
women automatically lose interest in him after exchanging a couple of words
La protection minimale offerte par la directive devient progressivement un maximum .
today german governance resembles an 18 th century liberal system with veto rights embedded throughout the decision - making process
Comment fait - on pour les manuels ?
the cases of pollution that france has seen in the last few weeks are not in my opinion particular to france and can not be considered as purely a french problem but as a european or even a global problem
Nous souhaitons tous une paix mondiale permanente .
cooperation between the community and the bank is another significant feature and has developed considerably
it is all too common to find that public authorities themselves are bad payers and they often cause otherwise healthy companies to fail and seriously damage the competitiveness of our firms
we implore the commission to do its part too
La Communauté européenne doit réfléchir à la contribution qu’ elle peut apporter en vue de garantir la restauration de la paix à long terme dans cette région tourmentée .
we will talk today about local warming
if seti does nothing but change the perspective of humans on this planet then it will be one of the most profound endeavors in history
Bien sûr , il existe également des différences parmi les pays nordiques , les dépenses sociales étant plus élevées au Danemark , aux Pays - Bas , en Norvège et en Suède qu’ en Finlande et en Islande .
Les Normands ont envahi l' Angleterre en 1066 .
i guess what the slow movement -- the purpose of the slow movement or its main goal really is to tackle that taboo and to say that yes sometimes slow is not the answer that there is such a thing as bad slow
Et si ça coûte 138 dollars , qu' est -ce que ça peut bien faire ?
we played that role well and i think that this was also clear to the whole world
Le traité d' Amsterdam , chère Assemblée , contribuera à l' objectif de rendre l' Europe prête pour l' avenir .
i therefore think that it is very important to build up inter - parliamentary relations within the context of a renewed dialogue across the atlantic
Nous ne produisons déjà que 50 % de notre approvisionnement , le reste dépendant de l' étranger .
to be sure his human - rights record was far better than the derg ’s
Pour autant que je sache , l’ Union européenne n’ a pas adopté une telle neutralité à ce jour et d’ après ce que je vois , elle n’ en fera pas la tentative .
i support the plea in the fabra vallés report for improved harmony between european humanitarian aid and that of the member states
i wish you the very best of luck mrs péry in your new post
this is why qaddafi ’s lynching party is a dangerous omen for libya
Je me réjouis de collaborer avec vous sur vos propres rapports à l' avenir et de manifester envers vous une compréhension et un soutien similaires .
Si ces traces ne proviennent pas d' une variété autorisée par l' Union européenne , le cargo n' est pas autorisé à décharger .
it was excruciating
i am becoming shortsighted
things are not turning out as planned
let this be a lesson to us
Je dois le faire moi - même .
Ne vous en faites pas , je l' ai déjà réparé .
La Présidence allemande a donc des chantiers énormes à traiter ; je lui souhaite bonne chance .
Le compromis obtenu en juin au Conseil est inacceptable .
secondly this treaty improves the situation for citizens of the union
the dilemma is that any depreciation of sterling increases the level of imported inflation that is not offset by spare capacity in the economy
Je voudrais simplement joindre ma voix à l' appel lancé au Conseil pour qu' il ne fasse pas obstacle à la mise en œuvre rapide de la nouvelle directive .
will it need to be more than an informal conversation club
C' est pourquoi je vous en conjure , présentez - nous un rapport provisoire car des vies sont en jeu .
Et nous allons maintenant terminer avec quelques points .
( IT ) Monsieur le Président , Mesdames et Messieurs , la délégation italienne du Parti Populaire Européen vous soutiendra , Monsieur Barroso , avec la loyauté , l' amitié et le respect qui nous sont coutumiers .
it is very hard for smaller firms to obtain protection since the costs of enforcing a patent are extremely high and sometimes even 100 times greater than the costs of gaining the patent
summonses to police stations are increasing as are disappearances incidents of intimidation and unexplained deaths
you remind me of someone
the switchover to new technologies is not mainly a matter of negotiation but of engineering planning financing and incentives
C' est d' autant plus important que le marché automobile européen connaît une difficulté , à savoir le renouvellement du parc .
now let 's try to put this into a little bit of context
the council adopted most of the amendments of the committee on the environment public health and consumer policy and the council 's mostly technical adjustments were easy to incorporate
the key thing is that for it to work there has to be interpersonal influence
J' ai besoin de connaître ta réponse pour vendredi .
in lampedusa as another member has said they are continuing even now to take stock of how many victims have been claimed by the latest boat to sink or by what was at all events a genuine tragedy
the price crisis in 2007 - 2008 highlighted the weak position of consumers with regard to price volatility
she killed him with a knife
Puis , divers jugements ont reconnu que ce procédé permettait à des circonscriptions plus riches de dépenser plus que d' autres et ont enjoint aux états d' égaliser les dépenses .
Cette question est : " comment tout cela m' est - il arrivé ? "
Mais il y a un problème , comme l’ a dit M. Evans .
what is your ideal and also what has been edited out
La nuit est tombée !
membre de la Commission . - Monsieur le Président , je tiens à revenir sur les propos de nos honorables membres , selon lesquels l' Union européenne devrait être l' honnête courtier de ces négociations .
Avec l' aide du Parlement , nous avons lancé , en 2008 , un projet pilote et une action préparatoire sur la capacité de réaction rapide de l' UE .
Certes , le versement des crédits est soumis à de nombreuses conditions .
Nous savons que la communauté internationale essaye de nous aider , mais cette aide doit être plus efficace .
one ’s forecast of those decisions hinges in turn on why these other countries came to run such large surpluses in the first place
he will arrive there about five o'clock
Madame la Présidente , il ne fait aucun doute que nous devons garantir la sûreté des ports aussi bien que celle des aéroports .
may i also say that we very much look forward to working with the commission that has just been presented
Imaginez une usine avec tous ses ouvriers , certains faisant un peu n' importe quoi Imaginez une usine avec tous ses ouvriers , certains faisant un peu n' importe quoi et qu' on dise à l’ encadrement : « Eh , vous ne pouvez venir qu' une fois par an , mais vous devrez nous prévenir : si l’ on triche , il faudra qu' on le cache . » mais vous devrez nous prévenir : si l’ on triche , il faudra qu' on le cache . »
Une association de fonds souverains russes ( excluant le demi-billion de dollars en réserves de devises ) rivaliserait avec le Temasek Holdings de Singapour ( actuellement le sixième du monde ) et serait juste derrière la China Investment Corporation .
so the key here is empathy
Je vous dirai simplement , Monsieur Prodi , que j' ai là les amendements qui ont été déposés .
Et on l' utilise depuis les années 1990 pour étudier des processus vraiment complexes .
Mais elle occupe aussi la première place ( ou en est proche ) en termes de déficits , taux de taxation , population carcérale et , de loin , le nombre de bénéficiaires d’ aide sociale par rapport à la population .
Disons que je suis un pécheur et un fermier .
Des énormes sites de séquence génétique qui font la taille de terrains de football .
women would welcome child - care facilities at scientific institutions
even so they have succeeded in doing an excellent job
this acceptance of the financial framework must not however lead us to forget how tight it is
i would ask you to consider seriously whether other rules should not apply here
both parties fared poorly in the election in july of a new general national congress with only qaid winning a seat
Le renseignement militaire dirigé par Abdallah Senoussi , la sécurité intérieure supervisée par Khaled Touhami et les forces armées de la Jamahiriya – pour autant que l’ on sache – n’ affichent pas non plus de divergences .
be my guest
par écrit . - ( EN ) Le Parti travailliste parlementaire européen ne pouvait soutenir cette résolution car elle est centrée sur une proposition visant à encourager la culture de l' opium en Afghanistan .
La lutte contre le racisme , c' est aussi l' intégration de tous dans notre système politique , dans la démocratie .
Malgré ces erreurs , au cours des dernières années l’ AIEA a su faire la preuve de son efficacité .
Je pense qu' il est étrange qu' il ne vous ait pas parlé .
therefore what the error rate indicates are errors and what we have to look at is the background to these errors
M. Evans conclut que le concept de pays sûr doit être défini de façon univoque .
this is - and should remain - a voluntary matter
it is good that new radio spectrum is to be made available as the member states are switching from analogue to digital television
i therefore welcome the outcome finally achieved in conciliation particularly on the final point on which there was still a difference of opinion defining criteria for awarding contracts
i should like to tell him however that the wealthy world could do so comfortably so there is no excuse
then factories will simply have to close down
and the danger of that of course is that a misreading of a radar screen could actually cause a counter - launch even though the first country had not actually launched anything
europe ’s response to this process must embody the goal of an orderly and rapid transition
Telle est celle qui avait inspiré le premier rapport Nordmann . Telle est la philosophie qui avait inspiré aussi le groupe de travail .
arabic is written from right to left
La théorie de la dissuasion est une théorie du comportement humain très simple . Si vous voulez que quelqu' un se retienne de faire quelque chose , ajoutez une punition et il se restreindra .
we have rights for air passengers but i have the impression that in this case they have not always been fully utilised
Dans la course à l’ extension de ces services , les systèmes d’ éducation ont parfois négligé le développement professionnel des enseignants , l’ évaluation des élèves et même les standards de base des constructions .
Nous devons donc donner aux citoyens la possibilité de jouir du droit principal de transport avant de leur faire bénéficier des avantages supplémentaires d' une indemnisation du passager en cas de retard .
that bus stops in front of my house
so i began to make things again this is another series of objects made of old computers from my basement
i wish you every success in your new role
Je me réjouis donc de constater que le Conseil et la Commission ont l' intention de défendre en cinq points les intérêts de nos entreprises .
in cristina ’s victory and that of her husband there were no mass celebrations
of particular importance is the awareness raising awareness changing and sensitisation of all the various decision - makers in all the various areas of society
Dans l’ atmosphère fiévreuse de haute saison politique , il ne sera pas facile pour les prochaines administrations de poursuivre des politiques audacieuses , mais risquées .
chef you ca n't
but instead there 's a long scheduled meeting because meetings are scheduled the way software works which is in increments of 15 minutes or 30 minutes or an hour
we must make sure that we do not get overtaken by events
Il faut exclure à temps cette perspective de clonage humain digne d' un cauchemar , parce qu' elle engendrera des problèmes insurmontables dans nos sociétés .
Nous le regretterons dans 40 ou 50 ans .
the trade and cooperation agreement between the european community and macao signed in 1992 will remain in force
on behalf of the ppe - de group - nl mr president i too have great appreciation for the policy statement by the president of the commission mr barroso and i am delighted that he now has a grasp of dutch
taking into account the economic and strategic aspects of nuclear power in these countries energy framework is today essential for the long - term solution of safety issues
this policy of artificially restricting food production is now having drastic consequences for the whole of europe
Le paquet comprend trois volets .
Nous devons insuffler la vie dans les fonctions , ensuite l' étincelle sera de nouveau transmise .
i want you to put in a good word for me
La mobilité , un système de reconnaissance des crédits , et d' autres mesures , freineront la croissance du chômage chez les jeunes , qui s' élève aujourd'hui à 21 % de moyenne dans l' UE , un chiffre alarmant .
Nous devons reconnaître que nos tentatives visant à apprivoiser des dictateurs sanglants tels que Kadhafi ont échoué , et que nous n' avons pas de quoi être fiers .
Ils ont loué la chambre du premier étage à un étudiant .
C' est avec une profonde émotion que , de cette tribune , je m' adresse à vous aujourd'hui .
Mais je voudrais soutenir que cette liste au milieu est en fait complète , il s' agit de la liste des sortes de choses qu' on peut considérer comme dégâts , des effets secondaires du métabolisme qui finissent par causer la pathologie , ou qui pourraient causer la pathologie .
instead of investing in weapons of mass annihilation governments must allocate resources towards meeting human needs
En l' état pourtant , la conception qui prévaut dans ce pays - et je l' ai entendu de mes propres oreilles - est que les droits de l' homme sont une affaire interne .
much however remains to be done
Aujourd'hui , la présidence française a une obligation de résultat .
À l' OMC , nous devons exiger la libéralisation réelle des services portuaires , la liberté des investissements et d' établissement dans les États tiers avec des garanties juridiques complètes et la liberté d' accès aux ports .
they all happen over a period of time equal to 10 to the 10 to the 120 years
C' est faux : l' histoire et la culture sont tout aussi importantes .
now he 's mentioning the mineral needs of phytoplankton
the two teams fought very hard
Le futur président Barack Obama a fait de la détresse des classes moyennes un des thèmes forts de sa campagne victorieuse .
Le texte voté en Commission a nettement amélioré la proposition du rapporteur qui voyait dans un impôt européen l' occasion d' affirmer le principe fédéral de la construction européenne .
in writing - pt as european citizens we enjoy a series of rights including the right to diplomatic and consular protection
it turns out what we found was pretty surprising
La participation active du Parlement dans la mobilisation d’ autres parlementaires dans le monde au sujet de l’ agenda du sommet serait donc extrêmement utile .
this is a team of bloggers from around the world
Les rigidités du marché du travail européen conduisent pour de nombreux pays de l' UE à une situation dans laquelle il est difficile de réduire la taille d' une société .
L' UE exige en outre que l' accès des observateurs internationaux aux territoires où ont été rapportés les cas d' enlèvement , d' esclavage , de commerce d' esclaves et autres violations similaires ne se voit opposer aucune entrave .
i would like to thank all those who have played their part in putting this compromise together
on behalf of the ppe group - de mr president president - in - office of the council president of the commission as has already been emphasised schengen is one of the great achievements of our common european project
Cette situation s' est détériorée après l' implication du Fonds monétaire international .
so what you ’re smelling now is the top note
the first part is a political declaration that sets out common objectives principles and methods for delivering development cooperation at both member state and community level
Dans un environnement où pouvoir et propriété sont inséparables et toutes les institutions gouvernementales émasculées , un transfert de l' autorité suprême peut déboucher sur une redistribution violente .
today 's reformists are subjecting these traditional frameworks to scrutiny and attempting to separate the core ethical principles of islam from the various historical adaptations that conservatives have enshrined as sacred
Un dernier aspect que je désire rappeler ici est la distinction qu' il est nécessaire de faire entre les différents secteurs économiques des petites et moyennes entreprises .
En fait , pourquoi mettrions - nous ces boulettes dans la soupe , il y a de la viande là - dedans de toute façon ?
it provides a basis for the assessment of short- to medium - term price developments
Mais j' ai répété cette expérience dans toute l' Inde et puis dans une grande partie du monde et j' ai remarqué que les enfants apprennent à faire ceux qu' ils veulent apprendre à faire .
Tellement mise au point que je pouvais danser quelques mois après l’ opération .
Pour citer un exemple , entre 2001 et 2002 , les producteurs de maïs éthiopiens connurent 2 années de récoltes exceptionnelles .
fifth a new world bank - imf sustainability framework recognises the inadequacy of existing debt relief efforts
mr president - in - office in thessaloniki you made progress on the issue of the western balkans and their prospects of acceding to the european union
he went to america to study english
the first one i found to be somewhat ironic
Pourtant , la directive ne tient pas compte des besoins différents des États membres .
Le train voyage à la vitesse de 50 miles par heure .
despite all the recent technological advances predictions in this area are still far from accurate in fact there is a tendency for them to be made after the event while we are facing the consequences
Le Premier ministre Leterme a déclaré que le programme de la Présidence était celui du Conseil et de la Commission , sans ambition aucune de lui conférer une quelconque priorité nationale .
stop this noise
now near death suffering from aids lymphatic cancer and tuberculosis alexanyan has stated that he refused to submit to blackmail to provide false testimony against khodorkovsky in exchange for medical treatment
Et je pense qu' on peut commencer à creuser cette année , comme la première copie du centre de Pittsburgh .
Deux événements majeurs ont marqué ces six derniers mois .
Quelqu' un peut - il répondre à ma question ?
secondly however i was concerned not to hear the president - in - office say that as part of resolving this situation we have to guarantee the rights of serbs who live in kosovo
Monsieur le Président en exercice du Conseil , ne croyez - vous pas qu' il faut faire plus pour tenter de résoudre ce problème ?
in that respect the joint statement by the presidents of the dayton signatories issued following the recent meeting of the mount igman initiative in belgrade was a welcome step
to conclude the debate i have received seven motions for resolutions pursuant to rule 108(5 of the rules of procedure
obviously these had a negative impact on the government 's financial policies as well as on the more vulnerable section of society
Les négociations s' annoncent difficiles compte tenu du spectaculaire désaveu infligé à des gouvernements importants par leurs électeurs , et de l' ascension des partis protestataires et eurosceptiques dans plusieurs Etats membres .
Et tout ce que je pouvais entendre c' était : " Est -ce pour nous ? " Et j' ai dit : " Oui , tout ça c' est pour vous . "
La majorité écrasante des agriculteurs européens ne vit pas dans des conditions privilégiées .
they are in fact victims of inequality first of all in access to work their unemployment rate is two points higher than for men and 80 % of french adults earning less than the index - linked guaranteed minimum wage smic are women
En tant que rapporteur d’ un État membre qui a rejoint l’ Union européenne lors du récent élargissement , j’ ai eu l’ occasion d’ être confronté à toute la complexité de la procédure législative .
Nous constaterons également que les accords bilatéraux des groupes et des grandes entreprises influencent de plus en plus l' organisation de la concurrence et que des solutions doivent être trouvées sur le plan international pour les réglementer .
we need to set attainable targets and concentrate on delivery
On peut très bien imaginer par exemple que le quatrième fils de Kadhafi , Muatasim , successeur supposé , prive de ses affaires Saif al - Islam ainsi que des avantages profitables des contrats étrangers .
all member states should in consultation with each other take appropriate measures
by using economic means to pursue its foreign - policy ends germany is gradually turning its back on its european partners
Qui va gagner ?
Les mêmes questions se posent quant à la décision du Hezbollah de lancer une action à grande échelle , au risque de déclencher des affrontements intercommunautaires et d' y perdre son autorité morale .
Le rapport Permis de violer a suscité beaucoup d' intérêt en Asie du Sud - Est .
La délégation française de mon groupe ne peut aucunement souscrire aux conclusions de ce rapport d' initiative .
Ainsi la syntaxe " @username " que Shaquille O' Neal utilise pour répondre à ses fans fut complétement inventée par des utilisateurs , bien que nous ne l' ayons pas intégré au système avant qu' il devienne populaire ensuite nous l' avons rendu plus facile .
L' emploi se raréfie tant que nombreux sont les Américains qui ont cessé de chercher : ce qu' on appelle l' effet du travailleur découragé .
Une déclaration a été lue au sujet des coupes dans les programmes sociaux .
i think we have reached agreement about the fact that we have done what had to be done and have observed all the deadlines so far at least
Il s' agit plutôt d' un travail de remise en ordre .
and i thought that epitomized perfectly what everybody thought animation had to be at the time
i noticed they were looking under things and looking for things
M. Jarzembowski a réalisé un travail d’ excellente facture .
with help from the eu and others and with macro - economic indicators which remain relatively favourable slovakia should be able to solve its economic problems
Lorsque nous parlons d' unification et d' approfondissement , quel est donc le but ultime de ce processus d' unification ?
La Constitution donne clairement voix au chapitre au Parlement européen et l’ Europe n’ en deviendra que plus démocratique par rapport à ce qu’ elle a été jusqu’ à présent .
they all work like this kangaroo they bounce
firstly there is no evidence that the tax on international capital movements could reduce the dangers of volatility and instability in the international markets
the parmalat fraud is especially relevant as it concerns bondholders precisely the section of the market that rating agencies are supposed to protect
the technical amendments to the present directive are all correct in principle and long since overdue
do n't let this information leak out
Pensez - vous vraiment qu' il est juste que nous continuions à dépenser de l' argent pour encourager en fait de petits agriculteurs à cesser leur activité afin que nous puissions donner de l' argent aux plus grandes exploitations ?
we grew up listening to banned radio programmes broadcast from munich with the proud name of radio free europe
this soup is too spicy
i think i recall moreover that i told him this was a very important clarification which we noted
how do we make stable societies longevity
Madame le Président , au vu des procès-verbaux de ce matin , d' hier matin et d' avant - hier , je remarque qu' il y a manifestement un problème de sous-emploi parmi les Conservateurs de cette assemblée .
En ce qui concerne l' exécution du budget de l' Observatoire européen des phénomènes racistes et xénophobes , la commission est ici aussi satisfaite de la légalité des opérations sous-jacentes .
my brother named his cat hanako
Je demande donc l' organisation de rencontres régulières des ministres de l' emploi et des affaires sociales du G20 .
au nom du groupe Verts / ALE . - Monsieur le Président , Monsieur le Commissaire , chers collègues , les Verts ont une analyse légèrement différente de celle des autres partis en ce qui concerne ces accords de pêche .
Un peu des deux sûrement .
, de M. Fjellner , au nom de la commission du contrôle budgétaire , concernant la décharge sur l' exécution du budget de l' Agence européenne de la sécurité aérienne pour l' exercice 2007 [ C6 - 0439/2008 - ;
i will now come to the last point the statute for political parties
this also applies to heading 2 where after 2010 and given the possible margins the air will be much thinner and actually should not be available at all
Premièrement , l’ incorporation des objectifs de politique industrielle dans toutes les politiques communes de la Communauté , en particulier la politique de la concurrence et du contrôle des aides d’ État .
go down there and buy some of those health food bars the ones you call bird food and bring it here and scatter it around
Et c' est un bon exemple pour illustrer le fait que nous n' avons pas du tout appris de nos erreurs .
Ainsi que ce rapport le recommande , l' Union européenne doit se doter d' éléments diplomatiques communs , plus nombreux et meilleurs .
the two leaders of the right and of the left the favorites in all the polls for a long time came first and second
we established the objectives relating to climate change energy efficiency and renewable energy before the major debate exploded on climate change in the european union
Je crois qu’ en matière de lutte contre le terrorisme , il n’ est pas nécessaire de s’ appesantir sur les liens entre Syrie et des organisations telles que le Hamas , le Djihad islamique ou le Hezbollah , ni sur l’ aide directe qu’ elle leur fournit .
Ma chambre est un peu en désordre .
Deqo Mohamed : Donc comme vous le savez , toujours lors d' une guerre civile , ceux qui sont le plus affectés sont les femmes et les enfants .
Depuis la première lecture par le Parlement européen , des décisions internationales importantes ont été adoptées dont la position commune tient compte .
on the first round people give about half of the money that they can
i do not understand the contradiction nor do i understand why if someone does not want to use an instrument the solution must be to prohibit it for everyone
Le Kremlin a ignoré l’ amnistie d’ anciens combattants par Kadyrov et leur inclusion dans ses unités paramilitaires .
that report confirms that businesses and consumers do not yet benefit from a fully competitive internal market in payment cards
i shall never forget your kindness no matter where i may go
Est -ce bien à nous de leur dénier le droit de tenir un référendum sur une question importante , sur laquelle chacun est habilité à exprimer son opinion ?
you must remember how one year ago on the day before the lehman brothers crisis we still thought that we could avoid the worst problems of the financial crisis created in the united states
On risque de saper le Tribunal pénal international .
i gave you fair warning
Cet important travail d’ adaptation juridique a produit un excellent résultat , en améliorant la qualité rédactionnelle générale du texte constitutionnel par rapport au contenu approuvé par la Convention .
and while scholars have begun to talk about building an asia - pacific community that can match the atlantic community ’s extensive network of relationships there has been no clear signal from the us government about america ’s role in this transformation
indeed despite massive imbalances and huge disparities in the level of private and public debt across the euro area interest - rate spreads on government bonds disappeared in the run - up to the crisis
i 'm sorry but i 'm going home
Je dois également remercier la Commission pour l' excellente coopération que nous avons à nouveau connue sur ce rapport .
we say ‘ yes ’ to debt relief but only where it is necessary only for the poorest countries and always subject to conditions
À la vérité , votre intervention ne concernait pas exactement une motion de procédure !
how does the council view this state of affairs
while there is a feeling that the financial services and banking sector should meet the bill for the crisis we should not cheat our citizens by imposing on them an additional fiscal burden
On le découvrira bientôt .
in writing - labour meps would like to express our deepest sympathy for all those in haiti who have had their lives shattered by this catastrophic earthquake and we fully support international relief efforts
( SK ) Monsieur le Président , le processus de paix au Proche - Orient subit en ce moment , à mon avis , une épreuve d' endurance .
over the past two years six new agencies have been founded in the union only one of which frontex is based in one of the ten new member states - in this case poland
Madame le Président , Monsieur le Commissaire , je tiens d' emblée à féliciter M. Jové pour son formidable rapport car il a appris dans son village natal ce que représentent la plantation et la culture de l' olive .
Il est clair que l’ efficacité ne doit pas remettre en question le concept nécessaire de responsabilité .
C' est seulement le début du problème .
things are only going to get worse
Les autorités régionales d’ Exeter ne savent sans doute pas ce qu’ il y a de mieux pour Gloucester , Swindon ou Penzance , toutes situées à des centaines de kilomètres .
C' est ce que nous attendons en particulier de la part du Conseil .
Ce prototype est doté d' une caméra vidéo plus légère qu' une pile AA .
Ce n' est pas comme si l' absence de technologie nous posait problème .
it seems to me to be good news in the fight against terrorism although the resolution of parliament does not say so that the formal extradition procedure for people who have been finally sentenced should be removed
as soon as i left home it began to rain
by all means we should buy and own some great stuff
En ce qui concerne ma remarque de fond , l' objectif le plus important doit être la création d' emplois .
C' est pourquoi il importe d' attirer l' attention sur la coopération .
La Commission et le Parlement européen n’ apprécient pas que les accords de pêche avec des pays tiers aient des conséquences néfastes pour les populations des pays en question .
Le candidat est obligé de travailler avec 27 systèmes juridiques nationaux différents .
today malaysia ’s income is 7.8 times that of ghana more than five times that of honduras and more than 2.5 times that of egypt
Qu' est -ce que tu as reçu pour Noël ?
Dans mon travail de député européen , j' ai eu l' occasion d' étudier les résultats d' un certain nombre de projets IMPEL , notamment un projet concernant les mouvements transfrontaliers de déchets par des ports maritimes .
Nous avons cependant laissé la possibilité aux États membres de divulguer ce financement de telle sorte qu' il puisse y avoir une " redevance visible " - le terme employé n' a que peu d' importance - pour le matériel vétuste existant .
for some that is a price worth paying for others the costs seem too high
Chaque situation présente des atouts , a dit un sage , le tout est de savoir les exploiter .
Le soleil et le CO2 c' est une des méthodes envisageables ...
Je suis pour ma part enclin à une ouverture contrôlée , attentive et bien dosée du marché postal , assortie des garanties de service universel comme condition essentielle , le Parlement jouant un rôle de premier plan dans la phase de changement .
Je pense toutefois qu’ elle est extrêmement importante à la lumière du changement culturel en Russie .
since marine le pen took the helm she has proven herself able to combine the national front ’s trademark anti - immigration stance the hard core of its ideology with praise for the state and the republic
Laissées pour compte et traumatisées par ces agressions , ces femmes sont condamnées à une vie de misère .
Enfin voilà ce qui arrive à la majorité de nos ordinateurs .
En revanche , selon le communiqué de presse , trois pays seulement auraient répondu à l' appel de Patten .
i should like to tell you that in cyprus the interest rate currently stands at 6 %
L' année dernière , le nombre de plaintes a augmenté de 5 % par rapport à l' année précédente .
we knew that many more patients could not come prevented by the fighting
the eu and nato may see themselves as potential rivals or complementary partners in the field of defense but what their leaders say in private reveals a sense of common frustration
La théorie est plus simple que la pratique .
this is not an easy crisis to resolve
we can not accept this
C' est cela que je veux .
hence the proposed regulation which is nit - picking and bureaucratic
you have been obsessed with the desire to reduce your position to that of head of europe 's police and all you have to show for your efforts is the sad link you have made between immigration and crime
La libéralisation du secteur financier international , par exemple , a sapé l’ utilisation de subventions de développement plus inclusives et mieux ciblées pour promouvoir les activités économiques .
we call for more funds to strengthen women 's rights and equal opportunities in general
Monsieur le Président , je suis tout à fait d' accord avec la proposition de M. Barón Crespo et avec les précisions de M. Poettering .
Je suis bec sucré .
Ce que nous connaissons actuellement , n' est rien d' autre qu' un armistice .
Le commissaire a dit qu' il était difficile de protéger les travailleurs tout en garantissant la libre circulation des services . Quelle que soit l' ampleur de la difficulté , nous devons le faire .
the eu budget should not be cut in the next budget period the focus must be on work to support competitiveness and growth
Mais les noirs et d’ autres minorités aux États - Unis – et ailleurs dans le monde – ne partagent pas ces succès , et il semble que ces disparités s’ expliquent par des facteurs environnementaux .
Ce n' est pas que je suis antipathique , mais je ne peux pas vous aider .
L’ espoir est que la baisse des coûts d’ emprunt sur les nouveaux prêts , additionnée aux programmes d’ austérité promis par les gouvernements , permettra au prix des obligations d’ être réévalué sans que les banques créditrices subissent un choc .
i agree that the ecb has been a factor in institutional and economic stability and that it has met the majority of its objectives
La période qui suit est " l' expansion " .
the agreement on a common position appears to be a bridge too far for them
Seule la légitime défense peut justifier le recours aux armes .
tom is a successful lawyer
on 20 february the journalist nedim şener known for his criticism of the police 's approach to the murder of the armenian journalist hrant dink was arrested along with six of his colleagues
we want space efficiency
Mais Saddam Hussein a déjà tout aussi clairement montré qu' il se fichait éperdument des promesses qu' il faisait .
i ca n't hear what they 're saying
what i love about this just sort of interesting design problems
former detainees received under this scheme may have access to rehabilitation measures in the eu member states under the applicable national laws
the member states too must now be urged to show the necessary flexibility and willingness to compromise
mother has made me what i am
the sensitive and self - conscious population was disappointed when a neighbouring friendly country single - handedly blocked the continuation of the accession negotiations
are you mentally ill
openness about those problems and the measures taken to tackle them will make us better able to reassure the doubters
( DE ) Madame la Présidente , Monsieur le Commissaire , Mesdames et Messieurs , c' est un des signes de la pauvreté absolue de notre société que nous devions encore discuter de la question de l' égalité entre les hommes et les femmes .
the year after that it is due to be gbp 10 billion and now we hear that you want to take away the british rebate
the four smallest groups have not been consulted
i now look forward with eager anticipation to see how this turns out in practice and hope that the programme will be a good one
Qui parmis nous affirmerait vraiment que les gens lisent cela ?
now i have some mini ted prizes this is the philips bodygroom one for our leader
Vous ne pouvez pas attendre de moi que je sois en mesure de vous informer dès aujourd'hui des résultats d' une campagne qui , pratiquement , a débuté il y a huit semaines .
we must support the un 's initiatives
it is incredibly hypocritical
Si vous avez besoin de quoi que ce soit d' autre , faites-le-moi savoir .
Il faut en extraire les subsides pervers pour valoriser de nouveaux produits tels que les biocarburants .
Le Kremlin a pourtant conscience qu’ un élément est nécessaire pour les remplacer , au moment où la Russie s’ adapte à sa nouvelle autocratie pétrolière .
Nous sommes pour la liberté des échanges .
article 3 of the declaration states everyone has the right to life liberty and security of person
Nous devons dès maintenant envisager quelles seront les frontières extérieures de l' Union .
Bon nombre de ces accidents sont dus à l' imprudence ou au non-respect des règles de conduite .
Si les clauses passerelles étaient adoptées , et elles sont très nombreuses dans le projet de la Convention , la prochaine révision des traités serait probablement la dernière .
there is only one answer water
Il faut donc absolument veiller à ce que l' accès aux matières premières dans les pays tiers ne fasse pas l' objet de distorsions comme des quotas , droits à l' exportation et interdictions d' exporter .
one of these is the single euro payments area sepa
i am sure most members will agree that this is the only way we can ensure that the real added value of this proposal is maintained
i am concerned about his health
we must die sooner or later
J' ai déjà mis en garde les nouveaux États membres - expression que je continue à détester - contre la notion de convergence réelle .
it is well known - indeed germany informed the international conference - that 19 cases of thefts involving nuclear materials have been discovered over the last two years
Nous avions raison .
if you think about the islamic golden age there was lots of translation then
mr gollnisch you said you asked yourself why algerians were coming to france in such large numbers
they make it possible for almost 15 million workers to be informed and consulted not only at a local level but also at a european and even a global level
mr president we live in a world characterised by great material wealth but the wealth is unevenly distributed
Ce qui se passe maintenant , la seconde phase de la crise financière mondiale , était tout aussi prévisible .
so i removed all that
do you like baseball
with the statement of assurance specifically in mind i am also grateful for their frankness about the methodology applied
Le projet de déclaration contient un certain nombre d' idées louables mais , eu égard à la question à l' examen , nous estimons que ce rapport dépasse le champ de compétences de l' Union européenne .
Aujourd’hui , toutes les politiques libérales plaident pour le retour à une part d’ immigration spécifique .
En outre , tout bénéfice hypothétique pour la santé grâce à des améliorations d’ ordre environnemental - en ce moment purement théoriques - serait dérisoire face aux problèmes de santé dont souffriraient les travailleurs licenciés .
a long period with a caretaker commission is in nobody 's interest
Ces dernières semaines ont été le cadre de manifestations massives , certaines frôlant la violence . Nombre de colons ont décrété qu' ils n' obéiraient pas aux ordres d' évacuation .
mistakes have been made in the past
Cette position fut combattue par la gauche unie , les socialistes et les libéraux .
vice - president of the commission mr president president - in - office honourable members the meeting in berlin on 25 march is an important occasion
L’ armement constitue l’ essentiel des exportations industrielles russes , et l’ aéronautique de pointe représente plus de la moitié de ces ventes .
Cette année est celle des moins valides . Souvenons - nous en .
will the council consider including the network on the agenda of the article 36 committee cats meetings so as to ensure a follow up of network conclusions
four or five days
the debate on the wiebenga report is suspended and will continue after the voting on topical and urgent subjects
En 2006 et 2007 , la bulle financière , qui démolit à présent des institutions financières autrefois solides , a atteint son apogée .
Tout ceci est fort positif .
Je vous dirai comment nous arrivons à le faire .
Je tiens à remercier M. Schmidt pour avoir attiré notre attention sur toutes ces questions .
we must remain alive however to any fresh attempts at eu level to table again a proposal that has now been rejected twice
the uk government agrees that the detention of the children of asylum seekers should be avoided and is seeking workable solutions to prevent this situation
a good slice of the economy of a third world country is destroyed all because eu fleets due to their reckless rape of their own seas now move on to other targets
Pire , on installe une concurrence nuisible entre les différentes énergies , encourageant ainsi des choix à courte vue s' appuyant sur l' unique critère du profit maximum en un temps minimum .
Essaie à nouveau , je te prie .
this is what really excites us
i can tell you that we have talked with the president and the secretary - general on numerous occasions but parliament is very conservative on this issue
among other things the law proposes that companies create financial reserves to manage the consequences of potential industrial disasters
second problem that people sometimes talk about with military use of non - lethal weapons and it 's actually the reason why in the chemical weapons convention it 's very clear that you ca n't use riot control agents as a weapon of warfare the problem with that is that it 's seen that sometimes non - lethal weapons might actually be used not as an alternative to lethal force but as a lethal force multiplier -- that you use non - lethal weapons first so that your lethal weapons will actually be more effective
power was seized by rajoelina who was designated by the army
Rosie roule sur des roulettes , et l' autre sur des chenilles .
this is unacceptable immoral wastage and must be curbed
tom asked mary whether she 'd like to go shopping
Nous sommes bien conscients de la crise des finances des États membres .
Ouais , je me balade tout le temps en boîte de nuit comme ça .
C’ est une bonne chose que nous puissions collaborer sur ce rapport .
gnp - based own resources still correspond most closely to contributions
Vérifie si le téléphone ne serait pas débranché .
Face à la catastrophe manifeste provoquée par ces orientations , l' Union européenne , au lieu de faire marche arrière , continue de faire savoir qu' elle souhaite foncer de manière inconditionnelle .
therefore my group will not support these amendments
Monsieur le Président , comme l' ont dit avant moi de nombreux intervenants , le Sierra Leone est le pire exemple de ce qui se produit lorsqu ' un pays utilise des enfants soldats .
we take a snapshot of every website and all of the pages on it every two months
this is one step but it is not enough
Alors nous avons voulu relancer le débat grâce à un rapport élaboré sous l' impulsion du commissaire Monti , pour examiner le problème de la fiscalité dans son ensemble et toute sa complexité .
in that light we should have the courage to face up to reality
. - Monsieur le Président , Mesdames et Messieurs , la contrebande et le fait de se soustraire au paiement des taxes constituent des problèmes qui touchent tous les États membres .
the main advantage for european ports is the existence of a legal framework that enables clarity and transparency in relations between port authorities and service providers
Par ailleurs , les défis climatiques ont été mentionnés .
observer status at the forthcoming elections would result in increased commitment by the european union but unfortunately we have not yet been invited to attend
Il propose de tirer parti efficacement des synergies et un échange de bonnes pratiques entre toutes les parties à ce processus , à tous les niveaux .
Troisième point : des actions spécifiques en faveur de certains groupes sociaux - plusieurs intervenants parmi vous les ont rappelés - les femmes , mais aussi les immigrés , les réfugiés , qui devraient être prévues .
we encouraged him to improvise
democracy requires parties to provide choice to the electorate and to articulate the views of voters
i might mention incidentally that the paris club is meeting today to discuss the possibility of a moratorium on the debts of the countries that want such relief
our support is not therefore a blank cheque but an investment
Monsieur le Président , les traités de Maastricht et d' Amsterdam mettent tous deux en exergue des mesures de protection de l' environnement .
encouraging assisting and supporting scientific research is a moral obligation for the whole of society
Ce ne serait pas dans l' intérêt de la Commission , ni , j' en suis sûre , dans celui du Parlement européen .
On parle souvent de l' économie nationale et de l' économie internationale , mais l' économie locale revêt une importance vitale : l' accès des personnes aux services bancaires , même si elles ne sont pas très aisées , au microcrédit et aux coopératives de crédit .
Il vaut mieux commencer à penser dès à présent aux changements qui nous attendent , car ultérieurement il sera plus difficile de se mettre d' accord .
a doctor in slovakia is paid anywhere between eur 350 to eur 500 a month while a nurse brings home eur 250 to 300 eur
Alors il a fait un canal ici dedans , et la poitrine se soulève et s' abaisse dans ce canal .
the regulation to be adopted makes it possible to harmonise regional investment and helps joint planning thus strengthening the energy market and supply security
a soccer team consists of eleven players
Il est donc impérieux de remédier au plus tôt à ce problème structurel .
if we look closer at the main issues there is actually no reason not to grant discharge
Je devrais aussi insister sur le fait qu' une véritable politique européenne d' immigration et d' asile n' existera pas si , au - delà d' un cadre législatif , les politiques nationales convergent dans la pratique vers des objectifs communs .
En toute honnêteté , je dois signaler que la Commission a déjà commencé à suivre les orientations proposées et je me félicite de la coopération qui se met en place entre les directions .
the fact of the matter is that the member states have lived beyond their means
Je ne crois pas que ce soit justifié .
we also ask that the body of enzo baldoni be returned and in this respect we ask for his family to be shown pity as well
i can see that the matter is clear in so far as if you ask something about the future then nothing completely certain about what is going to happen can be said to you in reply
opinions such as these vividly bring to mind the attitude of leaders of the former eastern bloc countries which was that people could not catch infectious diseases in their countries
Le problème , qui transparaît tout au long des discussions , est qu' il faut procéder de manière pouvoir apporter des preuves à la Cour des comptes .
and nokia as well
Le Conseil a dit exactement ce qu' il fallait dire à la Russie , y compris à propos de la Tchétchénie .
this is symphony space on 90th street and broadway and the type is interwoven into the stainless steel and backlit with fiber optics
as regards the scope of this security policy there is deliberate ambiguity
Nous disposerons , avec un nouvel OLAF , d' un instrument qui renforcera considérablement notre lutte contre la fraude et la corruption .
he found it
the attitude to immigration is yet another example
Ne sois pas si négligente !
Nous serons coupables de tourner le dos à ce carnage maternel auquel nous assistons dans les pays en développement .
i 'd like to meet tom
En effet , le programme n' impose pas la fermeture autoritaire et arrogante , il ne va pas vers un développement assisté : on veut poursuivre par contre une proposition ayant pour but de protéger et en même temps d' éviter des tensions sociales .
why should that be the case for the european commission
imagine i give you a choice
Les bonnes idées deviennent très vite internationales .
Ils ont beaucoup à gagner , et nous aussi .
Mais les Saoudiens semblent moins religieux que leurs coreligionnaires musulmans .
we know that the monitoring that takes place is not watertight and will not be so in future
Le premier jour , ils ont fait une excursion , et c’ était , click , click , click , click . Cinq minutes après , ils étaient dans le bateau .
if you were not abu azzam 's daughter
Vive l' Union Soviétique !
C' est maintenant d' une évidence aveuglante . Cela fait huit ans qu' elle aurait dû l' être .
an important point is the fact that cultural diversity is often associated with regions
Monsieur Stevenson , nous prenons note de vos remarques , mais nous ne pouvons lancer de débat à ce stade juste avant d' adopter le calendrier des périodes de session sur cette base générale .
and what i want to do is write molecular programs potentially to build technology and there are a lot of people doing this a lot of synthetic biologists doing this like craig venter and they concentrate on using cells
general negotiations are in progress on visas
Il est temps de mettre de l' ordre .
Et enfin , le bâtiment -- dont voici la maquette .
Elles ne font que confirmer ce que j' ai toujours pensé d' eux .
Nous avons soutenu un projet et acquis une importante expérience , notamment concernant un système qui permet d’ établir une distinction entre les oiseaux vaccinés et les oiseaux infectés .
is it about the environment or industrial policy
we are using this resolution to ask the new commissioners to give priority to the aspects of their portfolios relating to the roma and to stop pursuing the current policy which is long - winded but devoid of any real action
understanding what is changing in order to prevent and fight the drug problem more effectively is a criterion that we should apply when assessing the monitoring centre ’s role
it 's got bumps on the back of its wing covers
mr president ladies and gentlemen it was essential that the european union define a forestry strategy in order to improve the use and management of forestry resources
this particularly affects us hungarians
Voilà qui pousse le principe d' austérité budgétaire dans des limites qui ne correspondent ni aux vues de la Commission , ni à celles du Parlement en la matière .
Je voudrais attirer l' attention du Parlement sur le fait que les ministres de l' agriculture des 10 nouveaux États membres ont participé aux consultations tripartites .
Tout ce qui les concerne nous concerne à présent beaucoup plus qu' auparavant .
do n't get upset
they did n't even see the intangible stuff higher up the pyramid
mr president i have a preliminary remark to make
A vrai dire , le Fonds a presque complètement disparu de la scène internationale durant leurs mandats .
Je défie quiconque de trouver dans les traités la base juridique qui permettrait l' extraterritorialité dans la politique énergétique .
Et le tout premier jour notre monitrice nous a rassemblées et elle nous a appris un cri de ralliement que nous allions faire tous les jours pendant le reste de l' été pour nous inculquer l' esprit de colonie de vacances .
D’ ailleurs , la Chine figure parmi les dix principaux partenaires commerciaux de pratiquement tous les pays d’ Amérique latine , et elle est déjà à la deuxième place pour beaucoup d’ entre eux , avec des taux de croissance bien supérieurs à la moyenne totale .
Il mérite des félicitations pour son discours de Johannesburg .
Le personnel dans ce secteur ne jouit pas d' une priorité .
that happens to be at christmas time
Nous avons en outre bien trop négligé la situation des ressortissants de pays tiers .
Notre première priorité sera d' aborder , dans ces orientations , le problème crucial des violences faites aux enfants .
par écrit . - ( NL ) Aujourd'hui j' ai voté en faveur du rapport Oomen - Ruijten sur les retraites .
in writing the vote on this resolution has put the ppe - de irish delegation in a difficult position
i therefore intend to concentrate only on what relates to internal corruption
- before the vote on amendment 79
the committee has made positive amendments to the commission 's already sound proposals and i trust this position will be maintained in the vote tomorrow and supported by the council
J' estime que nous devons chercher à établir une coopération beaucoup plus équilibrée avec ces deux partenaires , si c' est bien ainsi que nous les percevons .
Je voudrais également exprimer mon soutien vis-à-vis des amendements déposés par mon collègue , M. Hökmark , au nom du groupe PPE - DE .
the rural development fund is an example and symbol of just such a case
the absence of “ no money down ” mortgages might be more important than confucian ethics in explaining china ’s high savings rate
Elle définit pour la première fois le harcèlement sexuel sur le lieu de travail comme une discrimination en raison du sexe et reconnaît aux femmes une protection particulière en raison de leur condition biologique .
we trust that this particular suggestion will not be incorporated into any future commission proposal
Je pense que tout ceci se rejoint en plusieurs points .
Dans la pratique , la directive est affaiblie par une concession faite à l’ époque au gouvernement britannique conservateur .
my second point is solidarity
Les conclusions de ces rapports montrent indubitablement que le fait de se reposer uniquement sur des méthodes conventionnelles de production d' énergie pourrait , à l' avenir , plonger l' économie mondiale dans une crise énergétique .
( PL ) Monsieur le Président , ces dernières années , les initiatives à l' appui de l' élimination de la violence à l' égard des femmes se sont multipliées .
Rien n' est fait depuis bien trop longtemps !
À l’ époque , je me suis engagé à travailler activement avec vous dans l’ intérêt européen .
it is laudable that we are spending so much time here at the european parliament on issues related to human rights in the broadest sense
the european union would like to see a reinforced and efficient arctic council in which key decisions on the future of the region are agreed and implemented
Nous savons tous très bien en tant que parlementaires qu' un sujet politique ne vaut que s' il peut être lié à un processus de débat public .
it is not enough simply to hold international conferences
Combien de chromosomes possède un être humain ?
however it is vital that at a time when europe is deciding to inject eur 1 700 billion to help the euro zone 's banking sector we manage to find eur 250 million for the food facility for 2009
Les idéologies de privatisations , qui empêchent de gouverner efficacement et permettent aux privilégiés de sauver leur peau alors que les pauvres doivent grimper sur les toits , doivent aujourd'hui être remises en question .
Il faut mettre en place des programmes et aider ces personnes pour leur rapatriement .
C' est en effet à cette date que toutes les catégories de véhicules ont obtenu l' accès au marché intérieur .
and i think total personalization in this new world will require total transparency
Mesdames et Messieurs , j' ai entendu quelques discours à ce sujet et je comprends votre inquiétude .
Dans le cadre des discussions sur l' après Doha , nous demandons à la Commission comment elle espère pouvoir intégrer l' engagement de l' Europe non plus à quinze , mais à vingt-cinq .
Accepter ces deux amendements équivaudrait à un transfert substantiel de responsabilités hors du contrôle des États membres , bien au - delà de ce que nous avons convenu pour le règlement relatif à l' accès au marché japonais il y a quelques années .
we also welcome the belgian presidency 's commitment to obtaining this agreement
mr president ladies and gentlemen i should like first of all to thank parliament and its rapporteur mr beazley for having succeeded in reaching agreement on all the points under discussion
La nature du modèle dépend du type d' animal que l' on est .
she was caught with her pants down
En Autriche , par exemple , cette notion ne se base pas sur la comptabilité de caisse , mais implique des sociétés à responsabilité limitée , de SARL , de sociétés en commandite et de sociétés anonymes .
they found that it did not affect the health of animals and that it was a natural product that did not affect the health of human beings
Il va sans dire que j' ai moi - même l' intention de m' y rendre .
Cela dit , nous nous réjouissons de l' issue du vote .
Le résumé de la Commission sur le contrôle de l' application effective du droit de l' Union européenne met davantage l' accent sur la transposition que sur sa véritable application .
i felt that i was presenting a case on behalf of the global community to try and create this day
i invite you to re - read my inaugural address to you in january 1995 and judge for yourselves whether i have kept my word
Il a répondu , " Oh , je les ai trouvés dans un biscuit chinois . "
Monsieur le Président , je suis consternée par l' agressivité dont les États - Unis font preuve dans le domaine du libre - échange de l' acier , en particulier parce que ce pays porte la marque du libre - échange depuis le XVIIIe siècle .
L’ accomplissement efficace des tâches n’ est en effet possible que s’ il existe une sécurité financière basée sur un engagement pluriannuel .
they would have understood that the calculations provided were at complete odds with reality and they would have considered what to do about it
Il se pourrait alors que le débat sur le foulard se résolve de lui - même .
the vote on the calendar followed a formal sitting last time
Sont - ils préparés à l' inévitable flux de pouvoirs et d' influence vers les pays producteurs de matières premières à mesure que ceux - ci s' enrichiront ?
Nous produisons des quantités phénoménales de fruits et légumes de qualité dans l' Union européenne , mais nos concitoyens n' en consomment pas suffisamment , ce qui a des conséquences de plus en plus marquées sur leur santé .
Il a motivé cette mesure par les activités importantes de construction sur le réseau ferroviaire tchèque , qui provoquent des retards pour les trains .
J' ai découvert de plus que je figure avec un nom différent : Mayera Ortega .
now we ought to consolidate those proposals
i could do nothing other than vote against this report
although the report contains many good individual measures i am unable to vote in favour of it
give the eu ’s auditors access to all expenditure so that they can monitor this
not all of us can support this policy
C' est pourquoi il est essentiel de préciser ces choses dans le cadre de la conclusion d' accords environnementaux .
if you really have free time read a book borrow one from the ward library
J' ai des lunettes soleil .
C' est la citoyenneté européenne que nous consolidons en étendant l' espace Schengen .
C' est arrivé récemment sur le marché des volailles en Pologne , et au cours de ces deux dernières années , il y a aussi eu des problèmes avec des fraises surgelées de Chine .
we 'll look at sea level rise
Il y a urgence à annuler les dettes .
but the truth of the matter is you look at that car it does n't look like a volvo
there she is
the european parliament 's proposals pave the way for an environment of economic stability while at the same time allowing for the development of innovative mechanisms such as eurobonds and european project bonds
in vienna the paris - bonn axis lined up against the madrid - london axis politically these axes are not homogeneous meaning that there is no social democratic europe after all
Celles - ci concernent tous les navires de pêche utilisés pour des activités de pêche visant des ressources halieutiques telles que définies dans la convention .
Nous ne pouvons pas rester là .
the right to vote is acquired on the basis of reciprocity by citizens of member states of the union living in another member state
Au début de l' année dernière , la République tchèque a déclaré qu' en 1997 , 1998 et 1999 , elle prendrait pleinement en charge la participation aux programmes éducatifs plutôt que d' utiliser l' aide financière de PHARE .
given this reality corporations want to give simply because it is expected of them
Tout ne va pas bien dans ce domaine , raison de plus pour ne pas négliger aujourd'hui ce combat et pour renforcer nos précautions .
we are responsible for the conferences on climate change due to take place in poznań and copenhagen in the near future and for the success of the post - kyoto negotiations
Voter contre ces amendements équivaudrait à abaisser nos ambitions en matière d’ environnement .
the allocation of regional policy resources thus becomes a key factor in terms of meeting the european objectives that we are defining
the increase in the populations in these countries is a considerable nuisance causing the destruction of harvests damage to local habitats and substantial losses of revenue for local farmers
i would like to make another remark on a more general level the governments continue to think that it is their prerogative to make all decisions
A la fin des années 90 , Mouammar Khadafi a cessé de financer le terrorisme , livré les poseurs de bombes de Lockerbie à la justice et dédommagé les victimes britanniques et françaises du terrorisme soutenu par la Libye .
in marrying the issues of economic revitalization energy security and climate change obama has articulated clearly the benefits of any green new deal
Ces consultations m' ont permis de faire le point sur le système existant et de me familiariser avec les souhaits de ces pays et organisations en vue de les intégrer au rapport .
i 'm able to ski
Bien sûr , nous voulons que les droits des consommateurs soient protégés , mais nous voulons aussi que les consommateurs aient le choix .
we are grateful to the italian government for offering to host the conference
Elle est fière de ses fils .
yet again workers are likely to lose their jobs
Ils faisaient partie d' un groupe de 52 homosexuels qui ont été arrêtés au Caire l' an dernier .
it is time for a civilizing mission that will emerge from society itself and bring people together
On m' a reproché d' avoir accepté le mandat d' arrêt européen , tout en soutenant avec insistance les droits individuels .
the agency as the main protagonist in this field will have a very important role to play
well this is a very simple scheme to get the learning to them through a bus
Si on regarde au delà de notre système solaire , nous avons appris que les étoiles ne sont pas que de petits points de lumière scintillants .
C' est pourquoi les civils Pakistanais dont plus de 6 000 ont été tués ces deux dernières années seulement , sont des ennemis .
Les gouvernements ( l’ attention se porte en ce moment vers la Grèce et l' Italie , mais ils ne sont pas seuls dans ce cas ) ont promis trop , à trop de gens , depuis trop longtemps .
now i 'm no more anti - cattle than i am anti - atom but it 's all in the way we use these things
Les intellectuels musulmans sont encouragés à mettre en avant des arguments religieux pour s’ opposer à la violence des extrémistes pour les priver de leurs arguments les plus effrayants et les plus puissants .
Si le bateau prend l’ eau , tout le monde coule .
such links such networks serve to promote cooperation and must incorporate support for those bodies which have the most direct contact with the actual business world such as chambers of commerce trade guilds and the like
La destination était une unique pièce dans un couvent où une femme s' est retirée pour la vie , 55 ans plus tôt .
En effet , le choix des Turcs en faveur de la démocratie et des Droits de l' homme et leur universalité est déjà fait , même de la part du mouvement politique islamiste turc .
Elle enveloppa le cadeau dans du papier de soie et mit un gros nœud rouge sur le dessus .
Mais nous devons aussi les manger avec une tonne de légumes .
Et au début , toutes les fois où je montrais le spectacle , les femmes faisaient la queue après le spectacle parce qu' elles voulaient me raconter leur histoire .
La Commission attend toujours la libération de Aung San Suu Kyi . Nous pensons que cette mesure est une condition essentielle afin de donner une véritable crédibilité au progrès du processus de réconciliation .
Ces pays sont les principaux bénéficiaires de l' accord .
Personne ne va vous faire de mal .
anyone who does not want to return to the nineteenth century is branded a reactionary
J' ai pris les médicaments .
Cette propriété , à ce qu' il semble désormais , pourrait être récupérée par l' Etat à tout moment .
Je crois que c' est un homme sur lequel on peut compter .
i am convinced of the need for europe so do not go on classifying me among the anti - europeans
ahmadinejad stands for a policy of confrontation and partial isolation moussavi stands for more openness
trakatellis viceconte cabrol and flemming reports
paulson reversed again and proposed a systemic rescue
Et en termes de méthode , je voudrais simplement avertir l’ ensemble des députés que nous allons avoir des problèmes énormes en 2006 , parce que nous avons respecté le calendrier des vacances de l’ école européenne .
Donc cette eau de pluie dévale le coteau , emportant avec elle des sédiments venant du chantier , ce qui étouffe le corail et le tue .
Il s’ agit d’ un acte punitif froidement calculé parce que , ces dernières années , la Moldova a recherché une intégration plus étroite avec l’ Europe et non avec la Russie .
Je trouve que les Autrichiens , qui sont les voisins des Tchèques , ne devraient pas être exposés aux risques d' une centrale encore plus sujette à accident .
Quel pourrait être l' autre morceau d' information latente que les gens n' utilisent pas ?
we should use that to explain the added value of the european project
La responsabilité , cela veut dire marcher .
i would like to ask that this be removed from the agenda and deferred until the next part - session in brussels
on behalf of the uen group - pl mr president it is fortunate that today we are completing the legislative work involved in setting up the european institute of innovation and technology
- Monsieur le Président , je voudrais remercier la Commission et , une fois encore , le rapporteur pour l’ excellent travail et la tâche souvent très ardue qu’ elle a entrepris .
Parmi les initiatives qui détermineront le rôle de Thaksin pour l’ avenir de la région , le Dialogue pour la coopération en Asie ( ACD ) et la Stratégie de coopération économique ( ECS ) sont les plus importantes .
Je veux m' entretenir avec toi à propos de ce rapport .
Il convient vraiment d' adopter une approche qui dépasse les clivages entre partis pour insister auprès des autorités américaines de sorte qu' elles répondent aux nombreuses requêtes de clémence formulées au nom de Leonard Peltier .
En outre , c' est un règlement de minimums obligatoires et un étiquetage facultatif volontaire est toujours possible .
so in this case i try to locate diamonds i look at the cards and ok
we need a european energy policy to guarantee us security of supply and sustainable growth in this sector
the future of this though is being able to move this to a band - aid type phenomenon
article 274 offers neither the council nor parliament the opportunity to intervene in the budget 's penal system
now the ship sank between robben island to the south and dassen island to the north
that broken vase is irreparable
while these findings demonstrate the shadings of opinion across iraq ’s dominant communities they do not explain attitudes that may be behind the continuing violence that disfigures iraqi life
Nous ne pouvons pas revivre une situation comme celle que nous avons connue au Moyen - Orient , avec trois ou quatre délégations européennes qui se tournent autour .
Je pensais que Tom était avec vous .
regardless of whether obama can deliver on his promises america will not regain the stature it had between 1941 and 2000
it was an empty room except for a table with a bunch of crap on it -- some papers and scissors and stuff
and that 's all very true
Ce rapport tombe réellement à point nommé , et je tiens à féliciter Mme Breyer .
the farm workers working on the white farms often have to live in unacceptable social conditions
Il faudra certainement une génération pour que ces changements se ressentent partout dans le monde .
they looked up to him as their leader
he spent all the money that his friend had lent him
Ceux - ci continuent de protéger ces dessins ou modèles , comme le Japon ainsi que d' autres grands acteurs du secteur automobile .
this would save more than a million child deaths and produce economic benefits worth $ 20 billion
this is of course due to the political weakness of the barroso commission but also to the difficulties involved in tackling situations that call for new powers with decisions relating to industrial social and employment policies
Les femmes n' apparaissent qu' à l' arrière - plan .
madam president i concur with the speech by mrs lepage particularly the last section
since there is freedom of movement for individuals within the union it is important that member states should cooperate in this area of policy
Il peut compter sur leur adhésion , mais cela ne lui suffit pas pour avancer .
Je pense que nous devons nous réjouir de ce genre d' innovations de la part du secteur privé , pour autant qu' elles permettent une concurrence à l' avenir et qu' elles assurent une protection équitable .
Dans sa communication sur les services financiers , la Commission explique que , dans tous les domaines qui touchent le simple consommateur , les divergences sont énormes d' un pays à l' autre .
Dans ce cadre , nous avons présenté le programme - cadre avec des volontés , d' une part , d' une concentration des efforts sur un nombre limité de priorités où l' action de la Communauté présente le plus de valeur ajoutée .
S' il y a la moindre révolution , ils coupent l' eau .
i am in favor of your proposal
Toutefois , ce filet de sécurité tendu par le secteur privé s’ effiloche .
think about it a lie has no power whatsoever by its mere utterance
the towns concerned estimate that it will be spread over 40 years
Il a une grosse maison sur la montagne .
( DE ) Monsieur le Président , j' ai demandé la parole pour parler des négociations budgétaires , car j' estime que le Parlement européen ne reçoit pas toujours un traitement équitable à cet égard .
c' était de leur demander de créer par eux - mêmes . Et ça leur a permis d' échouer , de réfléchir , et d' apprendre .
Il s' agit avec ce rapport d' en ajouter une énième : un réseau européen des migrations , première étape avouée avant la création d' un nouvel observatoire ou d' une nouvelle agence européenne .
we have a very full agenda and we must press on with it
En tous les cas , ce n’ est pas Taïwan qui représente une menace pour la Chine , mais bien le contraire .
Sous ce rapport , la proposition de la Commission et le rapport Sindal sont les bienvenus .
Monsieur le Président , Mesdames et Messieurs , je voudrais tout d' abord remercier M. Izquierdo Rojo pour son rapport , ainsi que tous les autres pour la peine qu' ils se sont donnés en rédigeant les 22 amendements .
Encore une brève remarque sur le clonage : c' est cruel envers les animaux et nous nous y opposons .
Il a dû s' asseoir sur un coussin , rester immobile , ne pas bouger , parce que c' était très douloureux .
J' ai beaucoup à faire aujourd'hui .
Il est passé par de nombreuses rudes épreuves au cours de sa jeunesse .
it is not the case either that these children are more likely than other children to be homosexual
Est -ce la réponse « rebelle » à une réalité excessivement globalisée , incohérente , et finalement dérangeante ?
madam president the commission would like to thank the rapporteur for recommending that parliament approves the implementing rules with regard to czech state aid
Au final , on peut ne pas être d’ accord dans le débat sur la façon dont sont fixées les priorités , mails il faut être honnête et franc en disant que s’ il y a des choses que l’ on fait , il y en a aussi que l’ on ne fait pas .
on the other hand the freely elected palestinian leadership faces international boycott until it accepts a solution that the netanyahu government rejects
the rise in food prices in europe is clear for all to see
and so at the time that we were doing this research i was caring for a 29 year - old firefighter from connecticut who was very much at the end of life with this incurable cancer
Les effets indirects de ces changements en vue de l' unification de l' étiquetage des denrées alimentaires dans l' UE incluent entre autres une relance de la compétitivité des producteurs européens et la promotion d' une alimentation saine et équilibrée auprès du grand public .
Nous pouvons penser a priori que c' est improbable .
yushchenko ’s campaign alleges that russian enterprises were forced by the kremlin to put up $ 300 million for the yanukovich campaign
i wish to thank the commissioner for the answers he may give us and i congratulate mr andria on this report
thank you again for your cooperation
a recent widely cited book by william easterly - a former economist at the world bank and an expert on aid and development - provides a mountain of shocking stories about local elites squandering foreign assistance
Les autorités russes collaborent avec les organisations actives dans ce combat .
terrorism is the child of fundamentalism which is why it is vital for europe and the arab states to work together to beat this scourge of the 20th century
this document was intended to serve as an implicit acceptance of israel ’s right to exist
Vous aurez obtenu , dans l' acte final , une mention sur le principe de précaution , sur le sanitaire , même le phytosanitaire , un forum OIT - OMC , une reconnaissance des principes environnementaux , d' autant qu' ils ont déjà été reconnus à Kyoto .
Cet accroissement quantitatif des tâches semble paradoxalement avoir affaibli son prestige , en tout cas , ne semble pas l' avoir servie . Ceci nous interpelle .
markets peaked in 2007 and then fell sharply in many of these places with the onset of the global financial crisis
Les armes et les munitions touchant la population violent la convention de Genève et la convention sur certaines armes classiques .
sweden has its own language
- Monsieur le Président , je voudrais tout d’ abord féliciter le rapporteur , Mme Jöns , le commissaire et le Conseil pour avoir travaillé si vite et si bien .
Et à ce sujet , Obama , en particulier , comprendra que Hollande n’ a aucune intention d’ introduire des changements majeurs .
in this the commission has remained faithful to its role as guardian of the treaties and has ensured absolute equality of treatment for all the parties involved large countries and small countries
Je ne veux plus jamais te revoir .
we believe that this could be the time when the world finally decides that the wanton loss of life in africa is just no longer acceptable
i think otherwise
we all know that the whole house the financial framework must be standing before we can furnish the rooms
in poor muslim countries like pakistan yemen and morocco single - sex schooling is the norm but many rural areas can afford only one public school which is usually set aside for boys
Trois de ces firmes sont européennes et la quatrième appartient aux États - Unis .
Êtes - vous prêt à y aller ?
both the regulation and the report make sensible proposals but it is vitally important that we address the key issue which is labour market flexibility and economic reform
it is therefore important that it should be precisely that policy which is the best policy which should stand as an example
Je ne peux pas boire d' alcool .
this in fact means extending the ‘ cultural exception ’ and expanding this exceptional status which is the exact adaptation of what we champion for france that is to say national preference
the first priority in our education policy is basic education - six - year primary school
Les grosses sociétés ont une tendance intrinsèque à renforcer les succès passés .
Parce qu' il voyaient que je ne m' occupais plus d' eux , je ne m' occupais que de moi .
in writing - sk europe needs multilingualism in order to survive
Je vais mettre un café en route .
i was in shanghai in an office block built on what was a rice paddy five years ago -- one of the 2,500 skyscrapers they 've built in shanghai in the last 10 years
so with two designers tolga and christina at my office we took a track -- many of you probably know it it ’s about 25 years old and it 's david byrne and brian eno -- and we did this little animation
many a little makes a mickle
the only way to genuinely improve the democracy and efficiency of the union is by strengthening the commission and parliament and removing the council 's right of veto
i would also like to thank the minister and the commissioner for their statements and i agree with the commissioner 's statement it is time that fine words were translated into action
austria came out quite clearly against any financing of these two nuclear power stations
however those who reap the profits are clearly far from satisfied
Le rapport Fiori donne une bonne vue d' ensemble des dilemmes , éthiques et autres , posés par la recherche sur la génétique humaine .
Vouloir revoir le traité Euratom , c' est magnifique .
( Le Parlement adopte la résolution)Le Président .
what are the five things that you should do every day to be happier
En fait , nous avons chacun notre propre idée de ce qui pourrait être subventionné .
taro is the taller of the two boys
Faisons confiance à notre commissaire , et je suis convaincue que nous aurons des tests qui seront rigoureux et qui pourront nous rassurer .
israeli man the fence has in fact created a solution to terror
has the commission given serious consideration to filling the gap by new technologies such as wimax although these need spectrum and frequency access
Il me semble , pour être tout-à-fait honnête , que c' est là que tout a commencé pour moi .
Donc les moyens traditionnels de séparer les matériaux ne marche tout simplement pas pour les plastiques .
Le président égyptien Hosni Moubarak organise des élections depuis 27 ans .
Il a été démontré à temps que les institutions européennes fonctionnent : en particulier , dans le cas de la réunion Ecofin hier , et aussi avec la baisse coordonnée des taux d' intérêt aujourd'hui .
but collision is a serious problem
Tempête en Grèce
you know to me human communities depend upon a diversity of talent not a singular conception of ability
thus the problem is to engineer a sufficient flow of return migration to poor societies by those with exposure to the social conditions of economically successful societies
we will also present a strategy for consumer protection and measures to support private investment in research and development
the oecd ’s interim assessment called it “ the most important risk for the global economy ” that may seem unlikely why should the european crisis be so important elsewhere
Je ne peux que me ranger à ce qu' a dit l' orateur qui m' a précédée , M. Swoboda .
back in 1997 many asians thought that the speculative attacks then being mounted on asian currencies were unjustified with malaysia ’s prime minister mohamad mahathir leading the charge against speculators
when we opened accession negotiations in early 2000 with an additional six candidate countries we could not know how long the accession negotiations with each of them would finally take
did you go to any famous gardens
Et je ne leur ai pas demandé de faire de gentils dessins .
Comme nous le savons , cette directive sera transposée dans les législations nationales conformément au programme établi .
Je participe moi - même fréquemment à des rencontres où l' on discute de cette question .
Il n' y a pratiquement plus aucun espoir d' évolution démocratique .
so we are the web that 's what this thing is
i and my british conservative colleagues are supportive of efforts to deal with gender discrimination in health systems across the eu
Je pense qu’ on a ici un exemple de manque total de préparation des plus ahurissants auquel je puisse penser .
Il s’ agit du seul pays laïque et de la seule démocratie notable dans le monde islamique - probablement le seul pays où nous pouvons appréhender les droits des femmes sous l’ angle européen .
then what they also did was which we never did before is there was a heart - rate monitor
it allows for us to celebrate the seafood that we 're also so fortunate to eat
J’ ai voté en faveur du rapport , dans l’ espoir que la Bulgarie puisse rejoindre rapidement les 25 dans une Europe encore plus élargie et toujours plus diverse .
these are thus extremely important questions which we hope that the council will see fit to take up when formulating a new opinion
i ca n't disclose that information yet
during the next crisis no one should want the imf ’s director to be distracted or to be weighing interests that are not pertinent to protecting global financial stability
at the same time the european union declared its intention to continue negotiations within the kyoto framework despite the fact that the united states had dropped out
we talk a lot about public opinion and the participation of civil society but basically it has to start with a decisive participation on the part of the parliaments
Lève la main avant de répondre .
most importantly we would not have to allow children to be separated from one of their parents
Nous devons enfin arrêter de nous apitoyer sur les groupes minoritaires , tels que les immigrants .
despite this i am facing the president - in - office of the council with very mixed feelings due to the leaking of a council document to the daily israeli newspaper ha'aretz - see last monday 's edition
his story is true
the answer lies within russia itself
if you wish to have the authority to enforce the stability and growth pact then you must earn that authority by acting promptly against france and any other countries which might be tempted to follow their example
chen ’s personal wealth grew conspicuously shortly after he assumed office but no one could produce hard evidence of his corruption back then
Qui plus est , la base juridique du Parlement européen a son origine dans un traité international et non dans un texte de droit interne .
competition in the postal sector
in a bid to fight terrorism and crime citizens ’ and companies ’ telephone and internet data will soon be stored for years
Ne pensez pas qu' une telle situation ne peut pas se produire dans les pays européens .
C’ est un débat que nous avons eu parfois ici : faut - il simplement être dans un esprit de banquier central pour être un bon membre du directoire ou faut - il avoir une vision et une perspective plus larges ?
« Comment allez - vous ? » « Je vais bien , merci . »
C' est une IRM / ARM / VRM , un IRM volumétrique .
situation in the democratic republic of congo and rape as a war crime vote
La session du comité se tient deux fois par mois .
it is enough that coordination should be carried out at eu level since some cases clearly concern matters which go beyond national borders
this is a deeply unwelcome step which can only serve to destabilize security in the region
i therefore hope that this report as approved in the committee will be adopted in its unamended form in the plenary tomorrow
Cependant , je pense que les décisions prises dans le domaine de la politique internationale ne doivent pas violer la souveraineté des différents États membres .
but of course that 's not the only thing about india that 's spreading
Adopter un profil bas en raison de notre propre situation n' effacera pas ces lacunes .
Ses amis et militaires corrompus qui ont tiré profit de son régime anarchique le soutiennent - non seulement pour préserver leurs propres revenus corrompus mais également par crainte du châtiment qui pourrait suivre leur chute du pouvoir .
i am convinced that this well - organised and excellent cooperation will continue into the future which is why i welcome today 's debate
Nous devons voir si cela fonctionne , si le consommateur tient effectivement compte de l' environnement lors de l' achat d' une voiture et opte plutôt pour une voiture écologique que pour une voiture moins respectueuse de l' environnement .
Vous feriez la même chose pour moi .
La population était également exacerbée par le fait que le pouvoir politique était aux mains de politiciens et de généraux de la province occidentale , notoirement insensibles aux demandes des Bengalis .
in addition i welcome the right of recourse which provides the right to prosecute people and companies who cause suffering to the animals being transported
madam president there are two additions to the text
La substance mortelle utilisée indique , par sa concentration et sa pureté , qu' elle a été fabriquée dans des laboratoires établis aux États - Unis , étant les seuls au monde susceptibles d' avoir la capacité de la fabriquer .
the belgian presidency must therefore deal with this matter it can not escape it but the preparatory work must be done first
given ireland ’s geographical circumstances aviation is a critical element of our infrastructure with air services being of vital importance for economic and social reasons
Ce patient souffre d' hypoxie .
Et la manière dont elle est morte -- elle nous a quitté pour une tumeur au cerveau .
but then i spoke to some people who have three or four every week of their life and their lives are being totally ruined by it
Je regrette qu' un certain nombre d' amendements sensés proposés par la commission de l' environnement , de la santé publique et de la sécurité alimentaire aient été rejetés par la commission de l' agriculture et du développement rural .
La coopération temporaire des autorités nationales avec des criminels afin de combattre ceux - ci ultérieurement se révèle d’ une utilité limitée . Il s’ agit d’ une invitation à la corruption et à la mauvaise gestion .
Je ne pense cependant pas que la législation devrait être utilisée comme instrument pour limiter la vitesse , parce que l’ état d’ une route peut s’ avérer très variable , et une route se trouver dans un état très différent d’ une autre .
Aujourd'hui encore le FMI n' a pas retenu la leçon : il exige des réductions budgétaires supplémentaires avant d' accorder son aide .
Tom quitte Kobe demain matin .
Mais il en est de même pour les Européens .
Il est vrai que par certains aspects , certains points de cette propositions de règlement qui ne figuraient pas dans le Livre blanc nous ont surpris .
Les militaires ont récemment contré une manœuvre gouvernementale visant à placer les renseignements pakistanais , tristement célèbres , sous le contrôle du ministère de l’ intérieur plutôt que du premier ministre .
Mais dans la plupart des cas , il faut vraiment savoir ce qui se passe en cuisine , parce qu' essentiellement , les gens malades étaient en bonne santé avant -- ils avaient le même génome .
Quelles procédures ont été appliquées ?
Monsieur le Président , chers collègues , ce débat s' inscrit dans un contexte difficile dont nous sommes tous bien conscients .
Une vue orthodromique . Une vue Nadir . Comment conserver la précision de l' imagerie tout en maintenant la fluidité du modèle ?
so we got people to the lab and we said we have two tasks for you today
the convention is an excellent opportunity to do this work
there was n't a soul in sight
Et je cherchais une formule que je n' avais pas .
the president noted that there was no opposition to the tabling of this oral amendment - regarding amendment no 64
not when that compromise means that sectors representing fully 96 % of the non - power emissions are to be given 100 % free allocation of permits
it brings itself in on an issue that everyone can agree on - how awful violence against women is - and then sets things up and brings in criminal law
Imposer de façon arbitraire une bande de 10 mètres dans toute la Communauté serait une erreur .
Le soulagement vient du fait de ne pas aspirer à dépenser comme Suleman , ou Britney Spears , ou ses voisins .
perverse incentives fueled excessive risk - taking and banks that are near collapse but are too big to fail will engage in even more of it
L’ enseignement est essentiel au renouveau et à la réconciliation .
Vu la rapide évolution des contenus créatifs en ligne , il n' existe pour le moment aucune pratique consolidée sur laquelle pourrait se construire une législation contraignante .
L' aide financière à Madagascar a été suspendue par l' Union européenne , le FMI et la Banque mondiale , ainsi que par la mise en vigueur des dispositions de l' accord de Cotonou .
L’ Etat chinois prétend que les Tibétains sont heureux .
i eagerly look forward to working in co - operation with you in my role of chairman of the agriculture council during the finnish presidential term
by using tatoeba one learns languages
as we know the reduction of regional disparities is one of the fundamental aims of the eu
so throughout this talk i 've mentioned a few times the special case of uganda and the fact that it 's the only country in sub - saharan africa with successful prevention
Mais pourquoi ? Eh bien , la transparence fait peur - comme cet étrange ours qui crie encore .
it is my profound belief that we can only advance through cooperation and negotiation
a declaration was agreed to the effect that the council would approve any request from the court of justice for the number of advocates - general to be increased by three eleven instead of eight
i would like to include in these congratulations recognition of the excellent and immense work accomplished by chairman valéry giscard d'estaing
Une double morale de l' Union européenne envers la Turquie , qui insiste sur le respect des droits de l' homme , tout en négligeant la lutte contre le terrorisme international , est intolérable .
i can not put up with his idleness any longer
Disposons - nous pour le moment de stratégies effectives qui précisent la manière de mesurer les épisodes de pollution et qui désignent les responsables de ces mesures afin que nous puissions formuler plus rapidement des déclarations intermédiaires fiables ?
J' adorais aller dans ce magasin , mais un jour je me suis demandée : comment se fait - il que je n' achète jamais rien ?
Lorsqu' un sujet néerlandais est suspecté d' avoir commis dans un autre pays des infractions susceptibles de justifier une extradition , le gouvernement néerlandais , éventuellement après avis d' un juge néerlandais , réagit face à toute demande officielle d' extradition qui lui est adressée .
Le Parlement l' a déjà demandé plusieurs fois , mais la Commission a -t -elle fait une proposition car le Conseil doit disposer d' une proposition avant de pouvoir prendre une décision .
Pendant ce temps - là , les chefs d' Etat se demandent s' il faut faire quelque chose , et quoi .
secondly in this context we also see a connection with legislation which we are currently negotiating with the commission and the council and which deals with the issue of quality and safety of cells and tissues
Il pourrait s’ avérer nécessaire d’ envisager d’ autres possibilités .
Le recrutement doit passer par une procédure de candidature , et être fondé sur les qualifications , au lieu de se résumer à des nominations politiques .
a final point on sustainable development
as you go from 0.1 to 0.2 it becomes more ticklish at the end
C’ est pourquoi j’ ai immédiatement corrigé mon vote final par appel nominal sur la résolution législative en appliquant la procédure prévue à cet effet .
these principles allow us to distinguish good from evil which does not have to mean limiting expression
Il le savait pour presque tous les objets célestes , dans les cieux .
Je voudrais ajouter simplement deux choses à cela .
Merci une fois de plus pour le dernier commentaire , Madame Cederschiöld .
this must occur before the discussions between the council and iran result in any form of agreement of whatever kind it may be
he fiercely criticised the eu 's fortress europe policy
i like them
a review clause has been included requiring the commission to re - examine the situation and submit a report on the matter to the european parliament and the council no later than 15 march 2013
Ce message est , bien entendu , positif .
Mais pour participer à un mouvement d' augmentation des revenus , d' augmentation des compétences , qui a donné lieu à une croissance très rapide .
Entre alors un groupe de lesbiennes affichées , de jeunes femmes qui adorent la musique ancienne qui autrefois s' est propagée dans toute la région de la Macédoine à la Bosnie , de la Serbie à la Slovénie .
the establishment of a common foreign and security policy by the treaty on european union represented a significant step forward in equipping the union with the capacity to pursue these objectives more effectively
speaking in some languages sounds like playing
simply take a look at recent history and the examples of japan and taiwan and it will quickly be very obvious that democracy the market economy and respect for human rights are the way forward
we must never forget that the opening of the union to the countries of central and eastern europe the baltic states and cyprus is above all a political process
Je dois donc voter contre le projet commun , approuvé par le comité de conciliation , de directive du Parlement européen et du Conseil concernant l’ accès au marché des services portuaires .
he was a middle - class guy
Elle a magnifiquement bien travaillé . J' espère enfin que ce rapport sera l' occasion de gommer une partie des imperfections qui subsistent .
Il est exact que certaines questions échappent aux mains du gouvernement , mais c' est tout autre chose que de dire qu' il les provoque .
here were our children bloodied and beaten
we do not have one
- Monsieur le Président , j’ aime écouter parler le commissaire Patten , mais cette intervention - ci dépasse les bornes .
cambridge – as the global economy limps out of the last decade and enters a new one in 2010 what will be the next big driver of global growth
Il serait également opportun d' approfondir les compétences des autres institutions locales , et ici , je pense précisément aux grandes villes .
they do not have a very easy time on public transport or transport in general
Je salue l' objectif visant , pour peu que ces engagements soient tenus , à conclure le processus de négociations à temps pour que le Parlement donne son aval avant les prochaines élections législatives européennes .
Le compromis est connu .
Cela me rendit très triste .
what do you think
plainly we are allowing our divisions to stunt our intellectual faculties it is also plain that a number of council declarations have a surreal quality
and there 's some indications around the world that this is starting to change
and i would please like the record to reflect today that i showed up for my part of the job
in a new unstable century the relationship between europe and america is more important than ever
Dans le cas de la Syrie , après une mise en garde , Israël a décidé de se passer des préliminaires et de tout simplement détruire le réacteur .
Ce cadre n' a pas empêché le Conseil de se mettre d' accord sur des mesures importantes en matière de santé publique , pour rétablir la confiance des consommateurs .
Alors ils venaient me parler de tout ça et me disaient " Tu sais , ce dont on a vraiment besoin c' est seulement de plus de gens , plus d' équipes , plus d' attention personnalisée , plus d' heures , plus d' expertise de la part des gens qui ont des connaissances en Anglais et qui peuvent travailler avec ces élèves individuellement . "
the couple decided to adopt an orphan
so this morning at about seven o'clock i decided that we 'd try to drive chris and the production crew here berserk by downloading all of our data from india again so that you could see something that 's just unfolding today which proves that the impossible is possible
madam president one of the successes of the hänsch presidency has been the elimination of this abuse of certain members voting more than once in a procedure that has been described to me as playing the piano
Le Gabon doit fournir une justification par écrit couvrant 70 % du montant .
what is needed to do that is a fair system of public invitations to tender proper competition law and finally if these businesses are to be willing to become active in these countries their investments have to be protected
also this year the commission will review the possibilities for further reductions of carbon dioxide emissions from cars after 2008 - 2009 with a view to meeting the community target of 120 g of carbon dioxide per kilometre by 2012
Comment terminer une guerre comme l' Iraq ?
Il faut manger pour vivre , et non vivre pour manger .
that is how i am able to see both sides of the coin
why did you wake me up to tell me something that big now i 'll never be able to concentrate on my work
i understand why the rapporteur wishes to see one of the coins abandoned but i would warn against minting a coin as big as the 100 euro in gold
or to put it slightly differently one apple feeds one man but an idea can feed the world
the question that has already been put to the council is clear
parliament has decided in the committee on development and cooperation that this should stop
last autumn the milosevic dictatorship collapsed through the yugoslav people 's decisive action
the wounded soldier could hardly walk
Ensuite , je tiens beaucoup à la position institutionnelle de la Commission , pas par égoïsme institutionnel , mais parce que je crois vraiment que nous avons besoin plus que jamais d’ une Commission forte pour faire avancer le projet européen .
the current model on which the euro is based represents the hegemony of the market to the detriment of democracy and political union
we also need this parliament and the council of ministers to make renewed efforts to ensure the quality and workability of the rules you adopt
is there anything i must do
Tout ce qui ira dans le sens de ces deux directions ne peut être que bienvenu .
Comme le Conseil a choisi de ne pas participer aux négociations sur l' accord - cadre révisé , nous avons veillé à ne pas préjuger des décisions portant sur des questions qui doivent être convenues avec le Conseil .
À mes yeux , la participation des États membres fait quelque peu défaut dans la proposition actuelle .
when i found out that there are a whole bunch of industries that did n't have copyright protection i thought what exactly is the underlying logic
yet again the union is putting the devil in the detail
one of the areas in which we can do the greatest good and are doing so with the great leadership of javier solana and the commission is in the field of foreign defence and security policy
Ce qui est intéressant , c' est que certains pays qui ne veulent pas lever les sanctions développent pourtant leurs relations commerciales de manière intensive avec Cuba actuellement .
fixed standards are the only realistic way of achieving the air quality desired
i would therefore ask you to support this amendment
C' est la raison pour laquelle j' ai voté en faveur de ce rapport .
Le financement de l’ Union ne peut se décider par une épreuve de force .
we are simply going to have to do battle with the council for what is right and efficient
Cet ajout a été oublié .
Il était couvert de sueur .
Actuellement , il n’ est pas prévu d’ atteindre un quelconque des objectifs du Millénaire pour le développement fixés pour la première fois lors du sommet du Millénaire en 2000 .
Donc j' utilise pas mal de radiation .
the system of complete information must therefore also apply to payment transfers outside the community as well as those within the community
Nous qui avons été leurs amis , nous devons nous trouver en première ligne pour leur dire que leurs actes sont en contradiction avec nos idéaux .
please move the desk to the left
any unilateral measures against north korea by individual countries must be executed within the broader framework of the new resolution
apart from that the member states are perfectly accustomed to using social security and taxation to make it unattractive for people to work in other countries
can it be right that for 2001 there was a total amount of approximately eur 8 500 million outstanding for obligations and projects that had yet to be implemented
it therefore intends to actively participate in these discussions and carefully evaluate developments
villagers are killed or ordered to pack their belongings and leave
and the eu itself is the leader in world trade accounting for 18 % followed by the us and china
he does n't speak english and even less french
for some particularly in southern europe it is seen as a means of shifting the burden of supporting their indigent banks to those with deeper pockets
C' est un débat sincère et nous l' observons et l' écoutons avec le plus grand intérêt .
La nécessité de notification à Bruxelles tombe ; ce qui signifie qu' à l' avenir , la Commission évoluera à l' aveugle dans cette matière .
Enfin , il est aussi important de souligner que l' Union européenne doit appliquer une politique de tolérance zéro à l' égard de la prostitution et de la traite des êtres humains .
cheap services with wage costs around 60 % lower will be a tremendous challenge for smes and craft trades
elephants are poached for their ivory and their natural habitat has been considerably altered and reduced
we must avoid however any move leading to the development of deceptive and misleading information that seeks to promote the prescription sale or taking of a specific medicinal product
they are not saying a word about the dangerous polarisation between state and society whilst at the same time the gulf between rich and poor is widening
Le consommateur se trouve confronté aux producteurs , aux fournisseurs de biens et services dans un réel état d' infériorité : la libre circulation , le marché unique de prestation de services , de circulation de marchandises , etc. est pratiquement achevé .
Ne saviez - vous réellement rien du déséquilibre financier en Grèce ?
Cela devrait nous permettre , pour ainsi dire , de remettre le train sur les rails .
À cet égard , de nombreux États membres pratiquent le protectionnisme au détriment des autres .
Ce serait terrible .
Les gardiennes trouvèrent une lame de scie à métaux dans la poche de la prisonnière .
Elle a décoré sa chambre avec des roses .
my son is n't the only one who enjoys eating her cooking
while no individual issue is overwhelming yet together they could serve to dampen economic activity and the proper functioning of markets
is that your car in the driveway
what is this
i would like to thank mr cornelissen for his excellent report
Comme vous le savez , dans les limites imposées par le Conseil de ministres , la Commission a répondu rapidement au gouvernement d' union nationale et aux besoins accrus des Palestiniens .
they are aimed at helping the sme sector although i realise that we are adding to the exceptions i have already talked about
Hormis la nécessité d' améliorer l' environnement réglementaire et de réduire la charge administrative , nous ne devons pas oublier les investissements dans l' éducation , la recherche , le développement et l' innovation .
Cette surcharge de travail démontre la difficulté des entreprises à appréhender les contours de la politique de concurrence .
Le Hamas se positionne dans la durée .
it is only one additional problem
Nous devons doter les jeunes des capacités culturelles et créatives - y compris dans le cadre de l' apprentissage tout au long de la vie .
En tant qu' ancien membre de la convention , je me souviens clairement de son esprit .
i should like to say that it is our duty to protect the environment and the report by our honourable friend moves in that direction which is why we should all vote for it
Elle l' embrasse .
Nous espérions que la situation change après que le président nous eut assurés , après les violations des droits de l' homme commises en octobre 1997 , que de tels actes ne se répéteraient plus .
L’ Union européenne n’ a pas adopté de mesures phytosanitaires préventives afin d’ éviter l’ attaque éventuelle de parasites et de maladies due aux importations d’ agrumes en provenance de pays tiers tels que l’ Argentine ou le Brésil .
Il convient en effet d' employer cette expression plutôt que centres mammouth .
Le Fonds Social Européen doit pouvoir également être orienté vers la lutte contre la pauvreté et l' exclusion sociale dans leur ensemble et permettre de répondre aux objectifs de l' Union dans ce domaine .
Le programme de travail pour 2009 ne précise pas non plus quelles mesures la Commission a prévues pour contrôler les États membres qui souhaitent continuer à limiter la libre circulation de la main - d' œuvre au terme des cinq ans de restriction .
in the uk as mr bowe has pointed out fish and snails have been affected
Je voudrais aussi rappeler que les nouvelles techniques devraient réellement faciliter et accélérer l' élaboration de rapports de qualité , ce qui nous éviterait de devoir attendre deux ans ou deux ans et demi pour appréhender clairement une situation .
in february of this year he was sentenced to seven years in prison
La législation qui touche les zones urbaines existe déjà , par exemple dans le domaine de la qualité de l' air , de la gestion des eaux , du bruit et des déchets .
now this is an interesting little message and it 's a lesson that has since i think been forgotten or lost or something
En cette époque d' austérité , de changement démographique , et de menaces découlant de la mondialisation , elle constitue un instrument pour rendre l' Europe plus compétitive et pour créer des emplois , objectifs que visent toutes les priorités .
more than 50 % of the world ’s population is now considered middle class with a living standard above the average of the developed countries ’ poverty lines $ 8.2 at 1996 ppp prices
the approximate cost is again ecu 1 million
Si les européennes consacrent plus de temps à des fonctions élevées , la demande de services de ménage et de garde d’ enfants sera stimulée et réduira par conséquent le chômage des travailleurs peu qualifiés .
you must be very hungry now
Lorsque le Japon s’ est imposé comme puissance mondiale , il a entamé une série de conquêtes impérialistes , tandis que les visées expansionnistes chinoises sont , dans une certaine mesure , contenues par d’ autres puissances asiatiques .
Au contraire , nous sommes une assemblée politique dont la mission principale consiste à répondre aux souhaits et aux besoins des citoyens européens .
we 're looking for harmony within each other
L’ Assemblée ACP - UE joue un rôle politique et économique important dans des sujets majeurs et cruciaux sur la scène internationale .
Je pense , Madame Reding , que vous partagez plusieurs de mes points de vue .
Cela ne signifie pas pour autant que la part des exportations de produits fabriqués en Allemagne baisse en termes absolus .
we do not want to see any more accidents like this one
Tout ce dont j' ai besoin maintenant , c' est de démarrer un autre faisceau , et le faisceau d' en dessous , c' est moi qui parle , oui ?
La stratégie politique annuelle sert de cadre de référence cohérent pour la préparation de notre avant-projet de budget ainsi que de notre programme législatif et de travail .
Malheureusement , le Conseil ne fait pas preuve d' autant de bonne volonté .
mr president that remains the case
( DE ) L' ordre du jour est donc adopté .
they are the people who are in control of taxpayers monies and they are the people who must give the responses
and i thought that the only thing that we needed at that time was 1,000,000-dollar loan to take us through those hard times
J' aime le tennis .
Il incombera alors aux seuls Libyens de réaliser le changement de régime .
it 's virtual
did tom get hurt in the accident yesterday
mr watts spoke of the problems of ten years ago on the herald of free enterprise
we are still waiting for the rich rewards though
Je pense que sur le plan international , nous perdrons notre crédibilité dans de nombreux domaines si nous commençons maintenant à abandonner nos objectifs et les accords pris à Johannesburg et Kyoto .
the european union now has the distinction of being the main user of synthetic drugs such as ecstasy and amphetamines
Pendant trop longtemps , de nombreux États membres se sont davantage souciés d' obtenir le meilleur accord pour leurs champions énergétiques nationaux que d' aider ou d' apporter des bénéfices aux consommateurs .
Elle a démarré en fanfare et se termine au son du glas dans une fosse commune .
this report is very good
J' ai moi - même contribué , au sein de ce Parlement , à des résolutions concernant ce malheureux pays , et je puis vous assurer que le Conseil est déterminé à trouver la vérité .
Tous les étudiants se levèrent ensemble .
À la lumière des expériences passées , une question particulière consistera à assurer une flexibilité suffisante pour répondre aux besoins imprévus .
Vous soulevez la tête , courbez le dos , c' est épuisant -- " elle était occupée , elle n' avait pas le temps .
Il s' agirait d' un bon résultat .
Nous aimerions avoir des rapports beaucoup plus constructifs avec la Turquie et espérons , à ce titre , assister à d' importants changements au niveau de sa politique intérieure et extérieure .
Après tout , si les modérés n' obtiennent aucun résultat à montrer à leur population , les radicaux triompheront .
sometimes the physical damage from such labors is permanent
Nous avons besoin de rappeler à notre électorat irlandais que c' est seulement depuis notre adhésion à l' Union européenne que l' Irlande est devenue vraiment indépendante , culturellement et moralement .
Là n' est pas le problème .
finally africa ’s transformation into an agricultural powerhouse must be based on inclusiveness and environmental sustainability
brussels intrudes in many of the affairs of member states it is important for us to regulate agriculture internal markets the flow of capital
that is being encouraged and acknowledged in a positive way by the commission
nobody invited me to the party
Nous ne pouvons pas accepter les amendements qui visent des contrôles plus nombreux et impliquent une augmentation excessive des charges administratives .
Toutefois , notre groupe avait proposé la mise en place d' un mécanisme de contrôle indépendant censé intervenir d' emblée plutôt que dans un second temps , lors de la phase d' analyse des résultats .
Si tu vas à l' étranger il est nécessaire d' avoir un passeport .
Je ne peux pas l' expliquer non plus .
Ces éléments font qu' il est impossible pour l' UKIP de soutenir cette proposition .
women 's participation in science does not correspond to the needs of research even though women achieve higher education than men and even though there are more women in higher education than men
therefore while accepting all the criticisms of those who said that there are some risks with biofuels - and we agree there are - let us compare the alternative
she loves agriculture and wants to be a high school teacher
but for half the people i added an ugly version of jerry
Monsieur le Commissaire , je voudrais à présent souligner , comme mes honorables amis et orateurs précédents l' ont indiqué , l' importance de la prévention et d' un diagnostic rapide .
in its new form this report does not enable us to do that
La proposition est claire : comme la crise l’ a clairement mis en évidence , l’ interdépendance des pays est inévitable .
Vu l' appel à la vérité émanant de l' opinion publique dans nos pays , le silence du Conseil , et , je dois dire , de nombre de nos gouvernements , constitue une occasion manquée pour l' Europe .
Chiens interdits .
Pour conclure , permettez - moi d' aborder les implications régionales de cet accord .
L' adoption récente par la Commission , le 26 novembre de l' année dernière , du plan européen de relance économique permet également d' ouvrir de nouvelles perspectives en matière de gouvernance et de coordination budgétaire .
and it 's not only our memory but those who remember us which means that architecture is not mute
Nous devons , et je le dis aussi à d' autres intervenants , garder le cap et c' est pour cela que nous tenons au paquet énergie - climat .
J' exprime un avis favorable la concernant et le groupe du parti populaire européen ( démocrates - chrétiens ) et démocrates européens apporte , également , son appui inconditionnel à l' esprit d' une initiative qui nous fournira , à terme , une liste des États tiers sûrs .
Le Parlement s' engage à la traiter rapidement .
C' est un recours interne qui permet d' intervenir sur le contrevenant en lui enjoignant de retirer les textes ou les images inacceptables , réservant le recours policier ou judiciaire comme ultime extrémité .
how do we tackle things like mobility
i go to bed after i study
those affected by this may have been beautiful for a short time but are ill for a long time afterwards
En fait , au labo , nous les nourrissons de raisins secs .
mrs gröner mentioned child soldiers
on the one hand there is turkey ’s legitimate aspiration to join the european union
Monsieur le Président , pour la première fois nous disposons d' un véritable rapport d' activités du médiateur européen .
protectionism causes the opposite effect as we have seen in recent months states blocking cross - border takeovers mergers or acquisitions to protect strategic national interests
i ca n't distinguish him from his brother
L' originalité de la Convention de Lomé réside en effet dans ce concept de partenariat qui a vu le jour il y a 20 ans et que tout le monde reconnaît et accepte actuellement , y compris l' OCDE et le G8 .
L' ordre du jour appelle les déclarations du Conseil et de la Commission sur la situation en Birmanie .
à affecter des moyens suffisants aux différentes priorités définies par l' UE .
Mais , à tort ou à raison , cela relève de la compétence des États membres .
Comme simplement les gens à l' épicerie qui disent , " Bonne journée , " quand ils me regardent dans les yeux sans le faire exprès .
Les résultats que l’ on peut observer et démontrer appartiennent à deux catégories : premièrement , ils sapent les systèmes juridiques nationaux efficaces et , deuxièmement , ils instaurent un système juridique supranational opaque , dont les organes supranationaux ne sont soumis à aucun contrôle .
La Constitution est morte .
this time it is not so much the fact that the council has passed this regulation to parliament far too late that is making our work here in parliament so difficult
inanimate objects that might spontaneously synchronize themselves
Nous devons soutenir le commissaire dans ses efforts déterminés de protester et , au besoin , adopter des mesures de rétorsion , mais avec circonspection .
a free electoral process brought hamas to power in palestine and the unfortunate episode of the danish newspaper cartoons illustrated the almost combustible nature of relations between islam and the west
sooner or later bankruptcy hangs over our heads and we will all die penniless like beggars
Finalement , si vous avez commencé en 1995 ou 1996 jusqu' à aujourd'hui , je dois dire que cela s' appelle vraiment défendre un dossier .
La Turquie connaît depuis pratiquement deux ans une situation politique extrêmement complexe .
J’ estime que , au vu de l’ élargissement imminent vers l’ est , nous ne pouvons vraiment pas dire - et encore moins le Conseil - qu’ il s’ agit d’ un grand accord .
La deuxième partie de la proposition concerne le système de gestion des quotas .
european resources must be used to improve the engineering infrastructure build new homes or repair existing ones provide better education and improve access to the labour market
De notre côté , nous ne succomberons pas à ces mêmes travers de l’ aveuglement idéologique et nous montrons beaucoup plus de pragmatisme .
authorisations must be granted when the necessary care can not be given in the patient ’s member state within a medically justifiable time limit
in any city in europe you can see the amount of respiratory and allergy problems caused by pollution in our cities
J' aimerais toutefois féliciter , en toute sincérité , Doug Henderson , le président en exercice , pour le discours très constructif qu' il a fait en début de soirée .
has the role of national parliaments been weakened
yet i must say we continue to see great advantages in the communication channels chosen by the ecb
my first thought was well you know there 's george bush
will government do better at valuing those assets
setting up the european systemic risk board legislation for which is currently being considered by the parliament is part of the correct response to this challenge
besides international cooperation was very good
but many among the public and in the media want more
Le manteau que je voulais coûtait trois cents dollars .
and of course it turns into a circle
has there been an exchange of views and have the positions and recommendations of the eu by which i mean the commission been conveyed to the government of cyprus
he implied that something was wrong with his marriage
that is why i have written to both the uk government and authorities and also to the us in order to gather the correct information
per capita income in these regions has moved closer to the community average
Mais si vous cliquez sur celle - ci : " Image retirée à la demande du propriétaire " .
imagine if you actually took all the kids junk that 's in the house right now all the toys that they 've outgrown two years ago and said why do n't we start selling some of this on craigslist and kijiji
Entrée gratuite .
this was my mental model of the world
mr president mr president - designate of the commission no - one should take the decision regarding the new commission lightly
Je partage également l' opinion de la commissaire qu' il faut poursuivre la coopération et maintenir des contacts entre les peuples .
C' est la raison pour laquelle nous avons réintroduit l' amendement relatif à cette problématique .
it is not yet a hole of the type one finds in greece where restoring fiscal balance and reviving economic growth are probably impossible without a restructuring of public debt
many thousands of people also take part in shooting activities in their leisure time
La Commission a pour tâche de s' assurer que cette adaptation a bien lieu .
Je comprends et partage certaines des inquiétudes formulées à l' égard d' une telle solution .
oppression will persist if we do not bring any pressure to bear
C’ est peut - être la raison pour laquelle le nouveau président français , François Hollande , est partisan d’ une utilisation directe du gouvernement en faveur d’ objectifs spécifiques – comme le recrutement de 60 000 nouveaux enseignants .
Mais aujourd'hui , ces deux pays disent tous deux que la meilleure défense , c' est l' attaque .
Les cofondateurs de Twitter n' ont sans doute pas pensé qu' ils développaient un outil de démocratisation , mais c' est ce qu' il est devenu .
i know what they are thinking
Comme j’ ai déjà posé la même question que mon honorable collègue précédemment , je vous pose la question suivante :
how often do you write a letter to your mother each month
Ça fonctionne à peu de choses près comme un système qui coûte environ 100.000 dollars US
the political repression and human rights violations in china tend to distract us from what is going on in neighbouring vietnam where things are every bit as brutal
on average every year or two a new oil or gas pipeline opens up under the mediterranean connecting north africa to europe
examples of the benefits of deregulation abound
Pas plus tard qu' en décembre , les frontières de ces pays deviendront les frontières extérieures de l' Union européenne dans le sens le plus strict du terme .
Le cuivre et l' argent sont deux métaux .
an open market a market free of protectionism and monopolies
presumably modern humans emerged somewhere in africa
M. le Président , vous êtes suffisamment ministre et homme politique pour savoir qu' il s' agit de politique partisane .
C' est un problème compliqué , beaucoup de choses à savoir .
- Ceci conclut le débat sur la communication de la Commission sur le Livre vert concernant l’ admission aux fins d’ emploi .
Il est également nécessaire de tenir un registre des informations précises sur l' utilisation qui sera faite des armes par l' utilisateur final et pour cela nous avons besoin d' un organisme commun de surveillance au sein de l' Union européenne .
mr president ladies and gentlemen adoption of the 2000/2001 agricultural price package involves a commitment to save eur 300 million from the agriculture budget and to use the appropriations released for reconstruction work in kosovo
Le collège des commissaires qu' il a présenté continuera de suivre la même ligne , comme nous en avons eu la confirmation durant les auditions devant les commissions du Parlement .
i said earlier that the proceeding the commission would like to start in the court of justice will concern procedural aspects
on the threshold of enlargement this is so little that it does not make possible any operative additional expenditure at the cost of administrative expenditure
Aujourd'hui il l' est cinq fois .
we shall check on all the details of the matter you have raised
assurances that this poultry will be labelled and clearly identifiable to the consumer are simply not adequate
Je souhaite à la délégation israélienne de fructueux entretiens et un excellent séjour à Strasbourg .
Aujourd'hui , je veux dire ma confiance et mon soutien à M. Romano Prodi , aux commissaires européens et à l' ensemble des collaborateurs de la Commission .
we must not hesitate to condemn terrorist attacks of this type and not attempt to justify them
Et vous pouvez interagir avec son monde .
i met your mother through facebook so if facebook did n't exist neither would you my little angel
Cette politique a accentué le changement climatique à un point qui cause désormais de graves problèmes à l' humanité .
Nous savons également , surtout à la suite d’ études qui ont été publiées , que près d’ un Européen sur quatre mourra d’ un cancer .
C' est ce qui fait la différence .
a major power shift in favor of “ society ” has taken place
Et avec près des deux cinquièmes de la population mondiale vivant dans une frange de 100 kilomètres le long des côtes , trouver des sites permettant la construction de nouvelles installations ou l’ expansion de programmes existants n’ est plus chose aisée .
N' est -ce pas correct ?
mary likes milk very much
Mes parents m' ont encouragé à le faire . Et je suis parti .
Nous estimons que l' avis de la Commission selon lequel la directive n' a pas été suffisamment transposée au Danemark portera à terme atteinte au système danois des conventions .
the european union already has a balance of trade surplus of eur 30 billion a year in other words instead of financing it is being financed
Tel était l' enjeu d' Amsterdam , et la présidence néerlandaise a évité cet écueil .
it is good to have ideals do n't you think
there 's no need to do a run of thousands of millions or send that product to be injection molded in china
Le vote aura lieu demain à 12 heures .
Mes parents s' opposent à ce que ma sœur épouse un étranger .
you can see here again taken from al gore 's book
i would insist one of them was opening up the light and the other was enduring the shadows
what quantitative data exist on the total or partial use of this fish meal in aquaculture
am i talking too fast
in 1969 the chinese and soviet armies exchanged fire across their disputed border
thirdly emphasis should be placed on the tertiary sector the provision of services
then the viewers or listeners will do exactly what suits them
En effet , la position commune entend autoriser les États membres à prévoir la possibilité d' un délai de deux mois avant l' expiration duquel le consommateur est tenu de notifier le défaut de conformité constaté pour bénéficier de ses droits .
- Sans doute , c’ est sûrement vrai .
i am happy to say that as of 1 july 2013 officials from other institutions including the european parliament will also be able to apply to the eeas on an equal footing
Que des eurodéputés estiment que l' usine Toyota ne sait pas ce qu' elle fait , c' est leur droit , que ces eurodéputés prétendent indiquer aux gouvernements nationaux et à la politique sociale européenne des règles aussi absurdes , nous paraît franchement ........
i am not sure that the rules are good enough even those in the new toys directive
Une chose pourrait être de créer un Franken - Noir , comme certains disent .
swedish participation in emu and the eurozone will not be a live issue for the foreseeable future
Une croissance anémique est gérable .
Il va certainement pleuvoir avant ce soir .
many of them make the biggest financial investment they will ever make in their lives by purchasing real property
Le public considérait le voyage dans l’ espace comme de la science - fiction , une forme de divertissement populaire qui n’ avait que très peu de chance de se concrétiser .
mr president ladies and gentlemen the financial perspective outlines the scope of the eu ’s activities over coming years as well as providing a framework for such activities and determining how effective they will be
Dans les présentes circonstances , la Commission estime que les rapporteurs spéciaux des Nations unies chargés de problèmes tels que la torture , l' indépendance du pouvoir judiciaire et la liberté de la presse devraient se rendre dans ce pays au plus vite .
La question essentielle qui se pose aujourd'hui est de savoir comment la présidence allemande remplira sa tâche .
Le sommet n' a toutefois pas traité uniquement du Zimbabwe .
La position commune à laquelle nous sommes parvenus contribue à la clarté du texte , particulièrement en ce qui concerne les ressortissants de pays tiers .
À la fois l’ Otan et l’ UE ont été obligées de redéfinir leur mode de fonctionnement et de repenser leur objet après un double processus d’ élargissement .
Pour la Commission et pour le Parlement , la décision d' octroi de la décharge est un moment tout à fait décisif car les compétence démocratiques dont dispose le Parlement en matière de contrôle prennent tout leur poids à cette occasion .
because japan has the second largest economy in the world the yen should be a more important currency
it would be a disaster if countries were to rush in individually to implement their own new system
the internet must apply the law in this field as in others
L' économie du pays est sur le point de s' effondrer .
Cette confiance repose sur une législation européenne claire et précise , des formes claires de coopération , et un respect des droits de l' homme .
the problem for italian officials as for the other governments concerned by the recent migration flows is the pressure of right - wing populist parties which no longer need to be on the defensive
my favorite though are all the warning labels
she got the money from him even though he said that he would n't give it to her
Je me réjouis que la Cour des comptes ait indiqué dans son rapport annuel que l' audit n' avait donné lieu à aucune observation significative concernant le CESE .
La tante assurée en Belgique a -t -elle le droit d' aller en maison de repos près de sa famille en Allemagne ?
Je suis heureux de voir de ce n' est pas le cas .
( PL ) M le Président , le jargon prend aujourd'hui plus de place que la politique dans notre stratégie d' élargissement .
if you come in you will see us evening time at table -- set for ten but not always all seats filled -- at the point when dinner is ready to be served
but what they do have is incredible social skills
that concludes question time questions 49 to 87 will receive written answers
C' est pourquoi nous devons faire avancer l' idée européenne de la coopération .
Aujourd'hui , les moyens financiers du Fonds de solidarité semblent difficiles à mettre en œuvre .
Ces cas spécifiques qualifiés d’ enlèvements dans la question font actuellement l’ objet d’ une enquête de plusieurs organisations internationales , en particulier du Conseil de l’ Europe .
De nombreux États membres , tels que le Danemark , la Suède , l' Autriche et la GrandeBretagne , ont prévu , ou d' ores et déjà mis en place , soit une législation plus rigoureuse , soit des accords volontaires .
Aujourd'hui , je veux parler de conception , mais pas la conception à laquelle nous pensons habituellement .
imf consultations and evaluations have had little impact outside of economies that are heavily dependent on imf programs
Pour ce qui est de l' amendement 185 , la publication d' un rapport sur l' application des principes de la législation alimentaire ne serait pas possible car ces derniers n' auront pas d' impact avant un laps de temps significatif .
À l' heure actuelle , les exigences d' étiquetage sont très imprécises .
if their movement to other states is facilitated it will be much more difficult to check the genuineness of their status and more difficult to locate them when their status is found not to be true
computers are capable of doing extremely complicated work
Mais avez - vous l' intention de négocier avec les pays membres ?
but if the god became unruly and began to ask for human sacrifice the igbos would destroy the god
i therefore welcome the excellent work done by mr pittella who has clearly spelled out the proposals and principles which should regulate this very important sector
Je suis en mesure de dire , au nom de la Présidence , que la réalisation de ce programme et de ces projets est d’ une importance capitale pour les raisons que nous avons indiquées .
Il faut plus d' ouverture , il importe de rendre public toute forme d' abus .
i now come to the content of the report
Et ça , évidemment , ce serait encore beaucoup plus grave .
and that actually brings up an interesting point about games
in the future our thinking on music will become part of the framework programme on european cultural policy
i am going to focus on how lisbon will in my view improve eu - nato relations
many thanks for so quickly agreeing to make eur 100 000 million available for aid both here and in the developing world
C’ est la raison pour laquelle il importe d’ adopter cette législation , en particulier à l’ issue de ce compromis , et je suis surpris qu’ il n’ y ait jamais eu de législation dans ce domaine .
this report deals with the period july 2008 to december 2009 just before the entry into force of the lisbon treaty
La législation et les pratiques administratives quotidiennes de plusieurs États membres encouragent l’ intolérance et la discrimination à un degré tel que nous pouvons parler de racisme institutionnalisé .
Et ce que je veux vous montrer aujourd'hui c' est une façon différente d' aborder le traitement des maladies débilitantes , pourquoi c' est important . Pourquoi sans ça , notre sécurité sociale risque de s' effondrer , si vous pensez que ce n' est pas déjà le cas . Et où nous en sommes aujourd'hui cliniquement , où nous pourrions être demain et quels sont certains des obstacles .
Si nous n' arrivons pas à convaincre les consommateurs , comme cela a été le cas en Allemagne avec l' E-10 , nous n' arriverons pas non plus à mettre en œuvre une politique climatique associée à une politique industrielle .
Comme John Bowis l' a mentionné , nous devons également faire progresser le débat sur , entre autres , l' impossibilité de poursuivre un traitement ou l' invalidité d' une prescription en raison du système en vigueur dans un État membre .
i was thinking that the sun is kind of the ultimate alchemist
Je vote contre ce texte arrogant et grossier .
Et nous avons traversé une multitude de mondes .
we 've lifted the earth up onto the roofs
Avant l' adhésion , les agriculteurs biologiques autrichiens recevaient environ sept schillings - soit autour de 95 centimes - par litre de lait .
and i think that is incredible
EXETER – Beaucoup de gens se demandent quelle exactitude accorder à la science du changement climatique .
" Non , non , vraiment , je suis tellement occupée avec les étoiles .
and this is very important at the same time if you peel away the demographic dividend in india there are actually two demographic curves
the kosovo standards review is a work in progress and the status talks are likely to start in the autumn
Nous considérons qu' il est bon , par principe , que ces fonds soient concentrés dans les domaines qui en ont vraiment besoin , que les objectifs soient réduits au nombre de trois , et que la configuration des fonds structurels soit simplifiée .
Tout a commencé par une chaude nuit d' été .
it might have been written by a clever lobby of drug traffickers if it had not been different
Les différentes formes produisent des caractéristiques différentes .
the commission is being called upon to submit specific estimates of the funds needed in april and at the same time to state the extent to which the financial perspective needs to be reviewed
Êtes - vous jamais monté à cheval ?
small states in the middle of europe that have been victims of aggression throughout their history should not be blamed for believing that the us remains the only real guarantor of their security
what tea do you drink is lemon tea okay
it is clearly for parliament to draw up the practical application of this procedure but from our side no filter - as you have called it - will oppose requests for referral made by parliament
Il vous donne la possibilité de personnaliser l' apprentissage pour chaque étudiant , de sorte que chaque étudiant peut avoir un livre ou un cours adapté à leur mode d' apprentissage , leur contexte , leur langue et les choses qui les intéressent .
Monsieur le Président , Monsieur le Président du Conseil , il était un peu plus évident chaque jour que la déclaration d' une indépendance surveillée du Kosovo devenait inévitable .
this has been impossible however due to the lack of a legal base
this was taken in the riviera sugar factory in red hook brooklyn
C' est là un raisonnement fallacieux , et c' est tout à fait dommageable .
human rights represent a fundamental issue
Je pense à te rendre visite un de ces quatre .
La rose est une fleur et la colombe est un oiseau .
you can rest assured that it is in this spirit of high ambition that the commission will continue to work towards hong kong
( EN ) Monsieur le Président , le problème que ce rapport et ses amendements sur le financement du développement régional cherchent prétendument à traiter est celui des sans-abri ou , selon les termes du rapport , des communautés marginalisées .
mr olejniczak however asked a series of questions about inequality in europe
that 's why we call it the internet
Beaucoup de choses ont été accomplies depuis le PAEE , mais rien ne montre que l' objectif pourra être atteint pour 2020 .
some members have the habit of not reading out the number for roll - call votes
the issue then is whether the reformers who carry the real spirit of the 1949 revolution will win the battle for equitable and inclusive growth
serbia has a bright future with the eu but getting there requires that it break with its own past – on both kosovo and the atrocities of the milosevic era
Au contraire ! Le conflit sort de la Tchétchénie et se répand à travers l’ Ingouchie dans tout le Caucase du Nord .
we have an inverter in there so you get 117 volts a.c
Ainsi , à court terme , le comportement des conducteurs devrait s’ améliorer avec la mise en œuvre de la législation , des campagnes de suivi , de la formation et de l’ éducation .
this item was very controversial and the vote ended in a dead heat the first time we voted on it eight members voting in favour eight against and four abstaining
they both refer to an evaluation of the anti - corruption efforts in the member states
Nous sommes prêts évidemment à engager une réflexion avec l' autorité budgétaire sur un accès plus direct au financement .
it is clear that testing methods need to be harmonized
L' investissement direct étranger entre 1991 et 2001 ont atteint en moyenne 1 400 dollars par tête dans les huit anciens pays communistes candidats à l' UE .
whilst it is the foremost commercial power in the world europe has so far failed to acquire the political weight to match its economic importance
Dans une tentative mal inspirée de se conformer aux conventions de l' ONU , les gouvernements russe et ukrainien utilisent l' essentiel de leurs moyens de lutte contre la drogue à la répression .
sk mr president the consolidation of democracy in the eu requires a constant effort towards building a fair and transparent environment both for the running and the funding of political parties at the european level
perhaps because iraq will define his legacy he has proven reluctant to let go at a point when his policy appears to be a disaster
Au lieu d' harmoniser vers le bas et de créer un marché unique en matière de retraite , nous devrions mettre en place à l' échelle européenne un système reposant sur la solidarité et la péréquation .
some 130 members of congress have signed a letter demanding action on china ’s currency
they will not provide the resources
we need a strategic response to the problems in the long term because the european textiles and clothing sector and not that sector alone has a structural problem
Ce président de séance a également cru pouvoir faire une remarque après l’ intervention de l’ un de mes collègues , alors qu’ elle ne comportait aucune mise en cause personnelle et aucun propos insultant .
the land descended from father to son
Une belle affaire , ce trafic !
by voting for the resolution i would at the same time like to express my hope that the commission will approve similar applications in the future
Voulez - vous voir mes traductions ?
La réussite de ce sommet dépendra dans une large mesure de l' attitude des États - Unis .
having said this shocks are not totally impossible
she advised him to see the dentist but he said that he did n't have enough time to do so
L’ optimisme concernant l’ avenir du peuple syrien doit être tempéré par une appréciation réaliste des défis auxquels sont confrontés à la fois le mouvement d’ opposition syrien et la communauté internationale .
i do n't want to be lame i want to be cool
we in the eldr group would call upon the iranian leaders not to interfere in the election but to allow the candidates to stand so that the election is as fair and open as possible
Tenter de les réduire à un chiffre unique implique de faire des jugements de valeur hasardeux .
J' ignore s' il le sait .
in any case parliament will be kept politically informed by the european commission
Elle déclina mon invitation .
Les intérêts des passagers sont au cœur de nos préoccupations , y compris le besoin de rendre le rail accessible à tous les groupes sociaux d' un point de vue technique et économique .
Le pouvoir c’ est l’ information , et , à l' heure actuelle , l’ information est plus disponible qu’ elle ne l’ a jamais été dans toute l’ histoire de l’ humanité .
De toute façon , si l' on veut nourrir une population en constante augmentation , notre Terre ne pourra pas se passer de produits phytosanitaires .
the latest euro - american talks suggest this conflict is not about to be settled on top of everything else the americans have lodged an appeal with the icao
mr president on behalf of the liberal group i would like to say that we have serious doubts about this phase of the work
Apparemment , les plaintes qui ont entre-temps été introduites ont toutes été rejetées par les plus hautes instances et les résultats des élections auraient été déclarés définitifs .
show the positive power of cartoons
this evening the outgoing parliament is handing over to the new parliament which will be elected from 4 to 7 june
Après tout , la démocratie est bien plus que de simples institutions démocratiques , même si celles - ci en font partie .
animal welfare organisations have a long way to go in order to convince the public and politicians over there
we like the general public to have the chance to listen to what takes place here
the different rules in the member states have meant however that we have not been able to decide that unremunerated donation should apply in all the member states from day one
Cette horrible tragédie a non seulement détruit une région et une ville , elle a également eu des répercussions sur un pays entier et sur sa population .
i do not know what the future holds for the johannesburg conclusions but i am fully aware of the way in which some have treated the kyoto conclusions
their role also needs to be strengthened in the decision - making process
well obviously it 's for children right
Le Conseil et le Parlement s' accordent sur cette question en ce qui concerne le contenu .
people are not as stupid or lazy as politicians and bureaucrats think
Le gouvernement est incapable de prendre les risques nécessaires à l' ouverture de cette précieuse frontière .
and it was the same thing that i felt when i was growing up and was hearing these rules of moral conduct from my father who was a baptist minister
Ce protocole a été reconduit pour une durée d' un mois , afin d' éviter une interruption des activités de pêche .
lastly i would like to wish you all a merry christmas and a happy new year
i have to warn her
S' il n' a pas rempli ses obligations , il appartient au Parlement d' agir en conséquence vis-à-vis de la Commission et vis-à-vis du Conseil .
ending us involvement before the iraqis can achieve these goals on their own would be disastrous for both us and iraqi interests
En fait , la Lettonie a le taux de suicide le plus élevé du monde .
over the last few years we have seen the appearance of much development and exploitation of woodland areas
two levels of reforms are envisaged those aimed at improving the negotiating procedure and those aimed at improving the wto 's legitimacy a key factor of its organisation
telltale signs of anxiety are already visible
Descendre en flammes tout le système éducatif à partir d' un seul exemple concret est de la spéculation pure .
Maintenant , comme je vous l' ai montré dans le schéma précédent , ces récifs sur lesquels nous plongeons commencent près de la surface et ils descendent presque verticalement , tout droit vers le fond .
lastly i have heard some criticism to the effect that the commission has granted the united states mutual recognition of its wine - making practices
Le ministre des finances britannique George Osborne insiste sur le fait que la trajectoire fiscale de son pays est dangereusement insoutenable . Il a d’ ailleurs proposé des coupes draconiennes .
Cette révélation est l’ une des plus brillantes de l' histoire de la science : un mécanisme qui a permis au principe de l’ évolution d’ unifier et de servir de base à l’ ensemble de la biologie .
we are not talking about research or other things of that kind we are talking about basics
Devez - vous augmenter , maintenir ou diminuer le nombre des fluides ? "
Dans ce film , vous pouvez voir que la tumeur est verte .
there is more pleasure in loving than in being loved
Avez - vous besoin de notre aide ?
they then made use of the “ constitutional court ” to ban thaksin ’s party the largest in the country
Je vous supplie de nous aider .
Elle a échoué sur bien des points .
Pour moi , le point le plus important est de contribuer , à travers les travaux de recherche , à la sécurité des centrales nucléaires et du cycle du combustible qui en fait partie .
Votre rapport met avant tout l’ accent sur l’ importance de recueillir des données .
Il est nécessaire de poursuivre les négociations , de continuer à discuter et de faire évoluer la scène politique - car la politique doit occuper le centre de gravité .
Les habitants de ces pays se gouvernent eux - mêmes et font le jeu de quelques grands intérêts , mais ils n' ont fait aucun progrès .
( Explication de vote écourtée en application de l' article 137 , paragraphe 1 , du règlement )
we support measures outlined in this report including prosecuting those responsible for genocide and war crimes and other crimes mentioned in this report
Il aurait été difficile d' atteindre ce résultat sans la patience , l' opiniâtreté et les capacités de madame Nicole Fontaine , qui a réussi à concilier ce qui semblait à priori inconciliable .
Par ailleurs , des efforts conjoints supplémentaires sont de mise afin de promouvoir la langue irlandaise dans une plus large mesure encore .
La Commission suit minutieusement l' évolution de l' incident .
Et ce gars doit aller au filet .
En fait , j' étais dans une station de ski en Suisse sans argent pour m' amuser car la neige avait fondu et -- et je n' avais pas de quoi me payer un film , mais j' ai trouvé dans le-- J' ai lu dans le journal qu' il allait y avoir une conférence par quelqu' un que j' avais vu dans le centre de Zurich , et c' était un discours sur les soucoupes volantes .
achieving a ceiling of 20 % of total administrative expenditure is not an end in itself
in one case a new commercial building and designs for houses that were accepted by clients
as regards the cohesion fund it seems clear to me that there are many points on which the european parliament and the commission agree
the way it works and is managed needs to be reformed and rationalised in order to improve its transparency and efficiency and to achieve more suitable actions and results
this was not about assessing the implementation of the services directive adopted by parliament in 2006 since it is still far too early for that
you have not sought contact and have not convened any delegation meetings to discuss this particular issue
a defeat on alstom would have profound consequences in europe -- and not only for competition policy
Elle appréciera que tu ailles la voir en personne .
mr president this was the answer i wanted to give to mrs jensen
that is why we came up with a compromise in committee
if the waiting lists for operations in a patient 's own country are full the guarantee that the cost of treatment abroad will be paid for by his health insurance company will come as a huge relief
L' état d' esprit doit donc passer d' une somme nulle à une somme positive avant d' obtenir une politique productive .
J' ai pensé qu' il pourrait être préférable de vous le dire maintenant au lieu de plus tard .
loosen up
ladies and gentlemen in my opinion the formal process for this proposal is clear
De toute manière -- on a fini par faire notre propre scanner . Et avec deux appareils photo numériques professionnels de haute qualité , éclairage de musée -- de sorte que même si le livre et noir et blanc , vous pouvez avoir le bon contraste .
A cette époque , Singh , alors ministre des Finances , a joué un rôle central .
and they 're doing a pretty good job there in the forest working all the byproduct of their industry -- with osb and particle board and so forth and so on -- but it does no good to be responsible at the point of harvest in the forest if consumers are wasting the harvest at the point of consumption and that 's what 's happening
poseidon also includes the stationing of technical facilities in european airspace along the borders of the greek islands
Et ça peut être dangereux de donner trop de pouvoir à un segment étroit de la société .
En outre , notre Cour d’ appel final fait appel à certains des esprits les plus estimés du monde du du droit coutumier .
Pour rétablir la confiance des consommateurs , il n' y a qu' une solution : garantir la qualité des produits .
the community has gone no further at this moment than a directive on dividends on acts of concentrating businesses and on the prices of transfers between associated undertakings
guns and bribes ensure that the trucks are waved through checkpoints
À mon sens , il est tout aussi important que la proposition actuelle prévoie une indemnisation du congé de maternité à hauteur du revenu total - à savoir , le salaire mensuel moyen - ou au moins à hauteur de 85 % .
Malgré cela , Abdallah ne pourra peut - être pas façonner l’ avenir du pays , car il semble condamné à perdre en cas d’ affrontement avec les forces de Naif .
the role of the international labour organisation
C' est la raison pour laquelle , malgré l' engagement résolu d' un grand nombre de personnes , on n' a pas encore pu obtenir les résultats que nous considérons comme indispensables .
C' est pourquoi nous avons voté contre ce rapport .
the difficulty in arriving at a satisfactory legal definition of design has been due to problems related to resolving this conflict
why all this
Sais - tu qui a écrit ce roman ?
J' ai éprouvé une certaine satisfaction en lisant dans le Financial Times de ce matin les résultats obtenus par Iberia .
Il y a évidemment de la diversité . Une quantité énorme d' objets .
Je veux que vous me rendiez ce que vous m' avez pris .
Hum . J' ai le sentiment que je vais me perdre quelle que soit la route que je prenne .
this identity which after all is simply one more way of life is boosted by the citizens for europe programme under discussion today
Franchement , je n' aime pas ta coiffure .
Tom ne porte pas de chandail .
that is the reason why the european commission which is the communitarian institution and really follows the method of monnet and schuman has to take the lead in this
C' est également la principale préoccupation de nos électeurs , comme vous le savez .
Imaginez les découvertes que vous pouvez faire grâce à cette sorte de seconde vue .
Je crains que de nombreux agriculteurs ne soient pénalisés par le manque de précision du matériel et que leurs paiements uniques par exploitation ne soient réduits .
Elle indique une reprise anémique , avec des sursauts d’ excitation ponctués par des rechutes .
C' est la recette du désastre .
Ma maman ne parle pas très bien anglais .
C' est un collègue . Il a donné son accord pour que l' on suive son téléphone portable toutes les deux heures , 7 jours sur 7 , 365 jours par an , pendant les deux dernières années , partout où il s' est rendu .
Et il dit : " Le deuxième jour où elle a été ici , elle a fait une liste de tous les noms des enfants plus âgés et des plus jeunes .
Voilà le problème que nous tentons de résoudre sur le plan juridique .
L’ idée n’ est pas de dire qu’ il n’ y a qu’ une seule réponse juste , mais plutôt que les stratégies d’ investissement et les décisions de paiement doivent prendre en compte les dimensions à long terme du risque .
Le Conseil européen du mois de juin , celui de jeudi et de vendredi derniers , a arrêté pour la première fois de son histoire des lignes directrices intégrées , événement somme toute important dont , malheureusement , on n’ a guère parlé ces jours - ci .
well have you got it yet this is an economic disaster and now what is the irish government doing
we have put down an amendment to that effect
Le jour viendra sûrement où ton rêve se réalisera .
La Commission salue aussi la conclusion relative au doping adoptée par le Conseil européen de Vienne et se félicite aussi du fait que le Parlement s' intéresse également à cette question .
Je sais d' avance à quoi m' attendre , je ne serai pas trompé . L' information doit être correcte et , en cas de problème , j' obtiendrai réparation " .
good luck to you
i would thank both the belgian presidency and the commission for the excellent and constructive way in which they have cooperated with me and my co - rapporteurs on this issue
they had acted to impede the trident missile system based on the clyde
Si vous n' aviez plus qu' une semaine à vivre , à quoi passeriez - vous votre temps ?
if this were a debate about the press we would all have very strong reservations about a public sector press
Le Conseil ne peut y répondre .
the report clearly highlights as often happens in conflict situations that no single party is to blame for the conflict
Ils craignent que la même chose n' advienne en Europe .
if a commitment has been made then this must be fulfilled and implemented in this and all other areas
Si une large majorité , représentant les principaux groupes politiques et tous les pays , se dégage dans notre Parlement , cela donnera à notre résolution une autorité politique considérable . Soyez - en remerciés .
Nous en avons . Ce sont les règles qui me sont venues à l' esprit , lesquelles sont plus ou moins ignorées par la communauté .
if doubts exist this is all the more reason for not applying such a punishment
this is a floral theme calendar in 1997 and this is a firework calendar so you launch the number into space
De plus , les Etats - Unis et l’ Inde devraient créer des partenariats d’ innovation , qui ne seraient pas uniquement bénéfiques pour les deux pays , mais pourraient aussi faire la preuve qu’ une relation bilatérale forte peut contribuer au système international .
C' est un problème récurrent , dont je ne manquerai pas de faire part à la Conférence des présidents .
a key thing is that the major violence genes it 's called the mao - a gene
however these seem to arise only as a function and variable of capitalist competition particularly in the world trade organisation
Je n' ai pas d' affection particulière pour le jeu sur internet - en fait , il m' inquiète - mais les traitements discriminatoires témoignant d' un mépris éhonté des règles de l' OMC n' ont pas leur place dans une relation transatlantique saine .
Des droits fondamentaux , tels que la liberté de circulation , le droit d' asile ou , dans bien des cas , le droit élémentaire à la dignité humaine , sont bafoués avec l' appui et le contrôle de ces institutions .
this makes it necessary to have proper rules governing transport of this kind
moreover by implementing the kyoto protocol at a cost of $ 180 billion annually would keep two million people from going hungry only by the end of the century
On peut tout de même exiger qu' une école moderne se profile ainsi .
et là le gars à dit " Non . " . " Nous allons amener un de ces soldats ici , et avec le bras que tu vas nous donner il ou elle va pouvoir prendre un raisin sec ou un grain de raisin posé sur cette table .
A Berlin , tous les acteurs politiques réfutent cette idée avec une indignation appuyée .
La Commission doit adopter une décision sur la future stratégie à la fin de l' année .
Ils pensent qu' ils vont continuer à développer un problème ou à aborder un problème en utilisant les outils d' aujourd' hui , au rythme du progrès d' aujourd' hui , et ne prendrons pas en compte cette croissance exponentielle .
it is shameful and disgraceful that we are waiting with our arms folded
but his brother ganesha simply walked around his parents once twice thrice and said i won how come said kartikeya
i am glad to see the scots getting one hundred percent
your english has improved a lot
amendment no 3 specifies that only fishermen over 50 years of age can benefit from the compensatory payment of ecu 50 000 if they cease all economic activity before 1 january 2002
Tout d’ abord , l’ indépendance du coordinateur demeure intacte .
the servants screams awakened everyone
they have to do their own part too
On peut débattre de la question de « l' interdiction des substances dangereuses » .
and the whole thing if you add it all together is over six billion nucleotides long
Je suis convaincu que la mise en œuvre par la République du Kosovo de toutes les recommandations de la Commission européenne va permettre au pays d' accéder facilement à la voie de l' adhésion .
Les activités agricoles , de pêche , de commerce d' un État ne doivent pas aller à l' encontre de son développement .
the order of business was adopted as amended
Il ne s' agit pas d' éliminer les États : le contrat tripartite serait une idée pour , dans le cadre de la programmation régionale , associer Bruxelles , la capitale nationale et la région .
i should like for my part to raise three issues on which your presidency ought to be focussing in my opinion
i think it 's time for me to consider going on a diet
– madam president i want to put before the house the committee ’s resolution rather than my own opinion although the two overlap to a large degree
the us like australia denies that all of this adds up to a policy of containment aimed at china
LONDRES – Jusqu’ à quel point l' inégalité est-elle acceptable ?
this aid comes in addition to other major international sources of funding such as the voluntary fund for the victims of torture set up by the united nations to which several member states contribute
Ce sont des enregistrements que l´on a recueillis à des fins scientifiques .
Dans une enquête randomisée , 30 % de ceux qui risquaient une pénalité en cas d’ échec ont atteint leur objectif , comparé à seulement 5 % dans le groupe de référence .
point 32 states article 17 shall be replaced by the text of article 12
Mais leurs débats sur les bénéfices des accords commerciaux régionaux – Bergsten pour , Bhagwati contre – sont aussi animés que les désaccords de chacun avec les auteurs cités précédemment .
Ces mesures devraient s' assortir de primes à l' exploitation , tant des terres déjà utilisées que des terres supplémentaires , d' une manière écologique impliquant un minimum d' apports , et d' un encouragement , le cas échéant , au reboisement .
Bien que les référendums ne soient pas très populaires ces derniers temps , j' espère que , durant la période 2010 - 2011 , nous serons en mesure d' organiser un référendum sur l' introduction de l' euro en Suède .
credit is also given to commissioner kallas for the definite improvement which can be noted over the last few years in terms of the european commission 's financial management activities
La taille de la note de teinturier d' un homme n' est pas un indicateur de son revenu .
this is not how it has turned out however even though we note with evident satisfaction some welcome proposals such as the public awareness and information campaigns or the emphasis placed on public canteens and school meals in particular
Nous y sommes arrivés , tant mieux , même si je comprends très bien que nous ayons protégé la petite flottille côtière qui ne pèse pas sur les ressources de la même façon .
C' est pourquoi la formation continue joue un rôle essentiel dans l' adaptation constante des qualifications professionnelles aux demandes de l' économie .
you get really nice 130 nanometer triangles if you do it again you can get arbitrary patterns so on a rectangle you can paint patterns of north and south america or the words dna
jenny is horrified at what she has done but then the translator explains that the patient 's condition has nothing to do with the operation
La première est plus évidente : éviter le changement climatique , avec des propositions tangibles pour réduire les émissions et un engagement à participer au financement , ce qui nécessite un engagement contraignant , pas un accord soldé .
if so is it not the duty of official bodies like the ecb to challenge irrational beliefs about the economy rather than pander to them
La tâche de l' Agence européenne de la sécurité aérienne est bien sûr d' assurer le plus haut niveau de sécurité .
the commission welcomes the fact that measures have been taken by the congolese authorities in relation to officials named in the reports and that the government of uganda has established a judicial commission of inquiry
this has to be a good thing
consequently the member states are free to include domestic servants within the scope of their national legislation
WASHINGTON DC – Le monde n’ a pas besoin qu’ on lui rappelle l’ urgence de ce moment historique .
in any case it is clear that during this time the chairman of the committee on constitutional affairs mr napolitano and several coordinators insisted that it should be included on the agenda of this plenary sitting
i mostly have fruit for breakfast
L' augmentation constante de la production de télévisions , de radios et d' appareils électroménagers est la conséquence du développement des technologies modernes et de la hausse de la demande de ce type de produits .
we simply must converge on the answers we give to the most important questions in human life
we can not discriminate against a disease in the same way that we can not discriminate against a country
Cela vaut tout particulièrement pour les problèmes d' absorption des fonds en fin de période de programmation .
as the council 's representative i have tried to answer the questions as correctly as possible and explain the limitations
Et je n' ai pas assez de temps pour parler de tous ces principes .
however the general procedures for interoperability must not be defined by a hard case
Plus d' un tiers d' entre eux reconnaissent n' avoir aucune influence sur l' ordre des tâches et 40 % effectuent des tâches monotones .
Mais je constate aussi qu' un certain nombre de mesures , tant nationales que communautaires , en vue d' éviter tout risque pour la santé , ont été prises à partir de 1989 - 1990 .
president - in - office - sl i have followed with great interest your very lively discussion which was a very good basis for the interim report provided by the rapporteur mr karl - heinz florenz for which i thank him and congratulate him on it
Il doit enterrer les gens , d’ accord ?
of course the whole process this year has been dogged by conflicting reports on the interpretation of the court judgment on the legal base but somehow or other we have managed to find a way through
however we know that civil actions and the associated major compensation claims etc can inflict far more damage than criminal proceedings
they have the same habits
what time does the club open
it is also becoming more important because in the wireless connected world we will increasingly have more devices feeding information about ourselves houses and cars into the system
nationalist and neo - conservative currents within the bush administration believe that unilateral action best serves us interests because it handcuffs american power the least
J’ ai personnellement la conviction qu’ il incombe aux États membres de lutter contre le harcèlement au travail .
finally on external policy we are starting to see the fruits of a new coherence and determination in that policy
i represent fisheries policy
i believe we are truly making a very useful and important contribution to road safety in europe
it has to be the case that actual travel costs and only those costs are reimbursed
Or , celle - ci résulte des baisses d' impôts accordées aux riches , que le rapport ne remet évidemment pas en cause .
the accusations against him include responsibility for murder rape recruiting child soldiers and mutilation during the civil war in sierra leone
Je veillerai en personne à ce qu' il ne s' enlise pas dans les méandres de la bureaucratie .
Pour les raisons évoquées ci - dessus , j' ai choisi de ne pas voter pour le rapport .
i completely support a fully effective ets as do all my colleagues but the system is not working well
J' ai quatre enfants , et même si une partie de ce qu' il dit est vrai , ils ne vont pas avoir la vie que j' ai eue .
it is just as dangerous as it causes different forms of cancer and different forms of illnesses
i ca n't hear a thing
Il n' y a pas de président de l' Union européenne ; il y a un président de la Commission .
Il devrait dire à la reine Elisabeth que son parti n' a plus confiance dans le gouvernement de Sa Majesté et lui suggérer humblement de demander au dirigeant du parti travailliste , Ed Milliband , d' en former une nouvelle .
george is quite talkative
J' en discuterai avec lui à un autre moment .
but the kiss that 's being documented kind of looks like it sucks
Ouvrir son chéquier et demander combien n’ est pas l’ idée que je me fais de la négociation .
after years of double - digit gdp growth the prc ’s economy is decelerating
pensions are linked to final wages rather than to the actual contribution made by the worker over his or her lifetime
Je puis vous assurer que tous les États membres ont exprimé leur volonté de faire tout ce qui était en leur pouvoir pour réduire le risque d’ erreur et renforcer les contrôles .
Ces efforts doivent être soutenus par une série de mesures visant à restaurer la confiance , pour dépasser la profonde méfiance actuelle , non seulement entre les dirigeantes politiques , mais également entre les deux peuples .
since i presented my reform proposal before this parliament on 22 june i made it absolutely clear that the council would have to define its political line on the sugar reform at the november council
i would like to emphasise the excellent collaboration involved in this discussion both in the committee on development where my report was unanimously adopted and with the european commission and the portuguese presidency
the council therefore can not ignore the political message that we have given it
Et il faut les payer .
citizens have not become participants and partners in this process of which they are ignorant on both sides of the mediterranean
recent events have disproved the notion that emerging nations had “ decoupled ” themselves from the advanced economies the facts have shown the opposite to be true
Mon sens de l' odorat s' affaiblit .
Conformément à un accord passé entre les Nations Unies et le gouvernement cambodgien , treize juges et procureurs étrangers ont été choisis pour travailler de concert avec dix-sept confrères cambodgiens .
Quelles sont , en ce moment et pour les prochains jours , les interventions concrètes de l' UE dans la recherche d' une solution politique , qui revêt , selon moi , une priorité particulièrement élevée ?
could you please tell me how tall you are and how much you weigh
Mais qu' a - t - elle mentionné ?
and it 's known for prostitution violence drugs
i would like to express my sincere thanks to those who helped draft this report including the shadow rapporteur and those who submitted the proposed amendments
you appear to be happy for millions of people to be unemployed and to be poor
ladies and gentlemen rather than producing stability and growth in europe the stability pact has resulted in the opposite
it fails to treat and care adequately and it prompts a downward spiral of public confidence and so reinforces stigma
Et de toute évidence , avec ce qui se passe avec les combustibles fossiles , ou quand - comme les combustibles fossiles s' amenuisent , que le pétrole atteint des records , le pétrole -- vous le savez , nous devons vraiment nous mettre à réfléchir pour savoir si oui ou non nous devrions , ou nous pourrions , déplacer de la nourriture sur 2500 kilomètres avant de la consommer .
Le déjeuner a une odeur délicieuse .
Des bourses de recherche , des symposiums , des conférences et une nouvelle revue sont autant d’ outils qui vont encourager l’ éclosion de nouvelles idées et d’ efforts de collaboration .
C' est pourquoi je dois apporter ici quelques explications puisque cette décision du comité de conciliation est de nouveau mise en rapport avec la dénomination « boisson alcoolisée « .
in writing - fr higher taxation and more controls that is the brussels recipe for europe
J' espère sincèrement que tout le travail que nous avons accompli au cours de la procédure législative ne sera pas détricoté lors de sa mise en œuvre .
Nous sommes d' accord sur l' objectif , et Mme Niebler vient de le souligner : nous voulons davantage de concurrence sur le marché européen ; nous voulons que les prix soient plus transparents ; nous voulons une fixation des prix qui soit facile à comprendre .
Un investissement qui est payant .
this is a very bad precedent for the european commissioner given that he is about to write a white paper on a food safety agency
Puis - je emprunter votre couteau ?
here i think that certain projects to link north and south would correspond with the commission 's principles
pay for all of these groups has increased by much more than pay for the average worker
i do n't speak swedish
europe is undoubtedly going through a difficult period but that must certainly not overshadow the positive signals given by the implementation of instruments of economic progress and of solidarity
in view of the regional slant of objective 1 i do not think that we can guarantee equal treatment by considering the national criterion of prosperity in determining the amount of resources to be allocated
the constitution does not provide for the less crucial of its provisions to be revised in a more flexible way
it is imperative that this revision is carried out and as soon as possible
it does n't do it with a chemical
Ils légitiment démocratiquement , directement ou indirectement , les organes décisionnels de l' UE et s' attendent à la réussite de leurs actions .
Les autorités grecques ont signalé à la Commission que la réglementation pertinente , qui désigne les tribunaux de justice pour les marques communautaires , a été adoptée en septembre .
L’ incapacité qui a suivi , de la part des forces de sécurité égyptiennes , à empêcher les manifestants d’ attaquer l’ ambassade israélienne au Caire a amené la situation au bord de la catastrophe .
i am afraid of what the teacher will say
M. Kachanov , le Premier ministre , s' est rendu à Bruxelles .
Et ils m' ont accompagnée dans ce parcours .
Bien entendu , elle continuera aussi de diriger les aspects extérieurs des principales politiques internes de l' Union et une question centrale dans le débat actuel est comment gérer la programmation de l' aide extérieure .
it is also a resolution which guarantees the protection of refugees and migrants
Il existe deux exceptions . L’ une est géographique : l’ Europe de l’ ouest et l’ Europe centrale ont en effet connu un déclin significatif de la religion , qui est devenue un ingrédient important de l’ identité culturelle européenne .
On ne dit jamais rien à propos d' un cireur de chaussures de 14 ans à Londres , mort de la tuberculose .
Le vote sur le rapport de Anne Laperrouze aura lieu demain mardi .
the lisbon treaty creates the institutional prerequisites for this but nothing can take the place of political will
big brother we are one people with one will one resolve one cause
constructive cooperation between the institutions is therefore required before next year
Et en même temps , nous allons regarder des images d' une suite de photos , pratiquement en direct , de choses qui -- de clichés de Second Life . Donc cela devrait être fascinant .
président en exercice du Conseil . - ( EN ) En réponse à la question de M. Medina Ortega au sujet de l' OMC , je pense qu' il s' agit d' une matière importante .
Il faudra des années pour reconstruire les infrastructures , mettre en place des institutions solides , et guérir les plaies de la guerre .
we should therefore in the light of the risks of global warming significantly increase funding and strengthen the actions of donors
are we not forgetting though that in the eyes of some muslims and even of huge groups of them he is considered a hero
in fact as the commissioner has told us the cooperation agreement with uzbekistan signed in june 1996 has been ratified by uzbekistan only
Nous maintenons des contacts directs et réguliers avec les différents secteurs de la société civile tunisienne et avec les autorités tunisiennes , afin de surmonter les difficultés actuelles .
Je le répète , ce procédé est dangereux et ne peut que conduire au ressentiment et à la méfiance entre les partenaires sociaux et le Parlement .
Voudriez - vous ouvrir la fenêtre , je vous prie ?
Le but de cette directive , à mon avis du moins , est de prévenir l' incertitude juridique .
Qui a décidé cela , Madame la Présidente ?
on the other hand the expression of certain doubts and comments does not indicate a lack of support it just reflects a concern that the scheme will be used in the right way
however in my opinion this is not so clearly reflected in the work programme
tom had his wallet stolen while he was in boston
Le professeur nous a dit ce qu' il faudrait que nous lisions .
Nous devons également , je crois , féliciter le président Duisenberg et toute son équipe pour l' introduction sans heurts de l' euro comme monnaie scripturale .
nl mr president i would ask members to take a look at mr van rompuy 's invitation to the next council meeting
Il était en prison pour vol .
together with my fellow commissioner michaele schreyer i have already initiated discussions on the ways of utilising in the event of an emergency the maximum possible resources suited to the needs of the situation
however this will not prevent results being achieved more quickly in some areas than others
the houses that had been used by roma before the war are now illegally occupied by albanians or other people or have been demolished
En particulier , je salue l’ accent que le rapport place sur la protection et la sécurité des usagers vulnérables de la route , comme les piétons et les cyclistes .
first of all the rapporteur has demonstrated great lucidity in producing a report which sets out and interprets the main problem
in our work focused on the future let us take our inspiration from the visionary ambition and the determination of the leaders and the citizens who preceded us from reconciliation to cooperation and from cooperation to the european union
how old is he then
we therefore need an environmentally compatible streamlining of transport policy
one of their main features is a credit earmarking system to channel the basic essentials of resources towards the objectives of the lisbon agenda
Dans ce sens , je pense et j' affirme à tous ceux qui se penchent sur cette problématique : essayons de garder les pieds sur terre .
his governors are also like nicholas ’s many are governor - generals
would he not agree with me that this is the case
Nous avons également voté contre la proposition de règlement du financement de la PAC , qui reprend un amendement présenté par M. Arlindo Cunha au sein de la commission de l' agriculture .
On peut se plaindre des faiblesses de l' ONU , mais elle est légitimée par la communauté des peuples , ce qui est également vrai pour la CNUCED , à qui l' on a cependant depuis ordonné un sommeil éternel .
he hurt himself upon falling
Malheureusement le rapport de M. Andersson ne le précise pas .
Enfin , il faut souligner que les formes extrêmes de violence contre les femmes doivent être combattues avec les instruments les plus sévères .
christine lagarde chose to make it her first campaign as managing director of the international monetary fund
Aujourd'hui , les citoyens européens ne comprennent plus et surtout n' admettent plus les fermetures d' entreprises injustifiées et le manque de solidarité entre les États membres de l' Union .
Mais à ce moment là , même le chancelier , un civil , avait fixé des objectifs extravagants à la guerre , ce qui enlevait tout espoir d' une paix négociée .
L' aide financière peut difficilement résoudre une pénurie de produits .
La chancelière allemande Angela Merkel a récemment appelé toutes les parties à mettre davantage l’ accent sur des actions concrètes .
the contagion effect seems clear
another factor limiting the access of roma to healthcare stems from their lack of identity cards which would enable them to apply for insurance or social assistance
recently the catalan meat industry federation and certain catalan newspapers have reported that in france trucks coming from catalonia have been attacked and damaged by french farmers
china has created four functioning global - scale modern supply chains in manufacturing infrastructure finance and government services thanks to its evolving expanding and complex web of contracts
Dans l' affirmative , c' est un débat auquel nous réservons un accueil favorable , mais qui aurait certainement dû être organisé il y a quelques mois .
Cette rivière prête son nom à l' Inde .
one day your life will flash before your eyes make sure it 's worth watching
Une solution partielle consiste à peser davantage le pour et le contre du " progrès " .
Je suis d’ accord avec le rapport lorsqu’ il propose comme objectif principal de s’ attaquer fermement et sans merci aux filières maffieuses .
you must tell me
our contribution to it has now been made
i visited the region last month with scottish parliament colleagues because we are keen to reach out to these countries with our experience of social democratic and civic nationalism
it said money does does make me happy
i fell in love with her at first sight
Quelle est la température ?
this is how we must see the forthcoming eu - africa summit
loans are needed for firms to be started up for training and for infrastructure
so that is the opposite of what we actually want
it must take centre stage in this sort of initiative all the more so nowadays when infringements tend to be the rule under autocratic regimes which engage in capitalist violence in order to impose their antisocial policies
as the worldly - wise person in the middle i know i am in the right place
Monsieur le Président , le temps qui m' est imparti étant assez réduit , je commencerai par expliquer ce que nous devons faire .
Pouvez - vous me passer le sel ?
as far as the role of the european parliament is concerned we are beginning to find an increasing number of forms and areas of cooperation in which parliament is not fully involved
Si une succursale de France Télécom décide d’ introduire des services à large bande auprès d’ un opérateur tunisien , elle le fait au moment même où le gouvernement tunisien interdit l’ accès à tous les sites internet d’ opposition dans ce pays .
i 'd like to treat you to lunch to thank you for all your help
we must never forget that 11 september altered the american psyche forever
Cette question m' est chère également parce que j' entends constamment parler de réglementation trop zélée de l' Union européenne , en particulier dans mon pays d' origine , l' Irlande , et c' est une chose que nous devons digérer .
de mr president ladies and gentlemen i would like to start by saying that we too in principle welcome the european commission 's proposal and this green paper
La France , par ailleurs , a profité de cette discrimination , et pourtant elle attaque l’ euro et vote Non face à cette affaire .
chris anderson thank you thank you
Au sein du Parlement , nous avons l’ opportunité d’ en faire bien davantage .
in algebra a monomorphism is an injective homomorphism
three the secret to high performance is n't rewards and punishments but that unseen intrinsic drive -- the drive to do things for their own sake
Cela renforcera aussi nos efforts dans des domaines où nous jouons déjà un rôle de meneur , notamment dans le débat sur un futur régime international du changement climatique .
mr president i should first of all like to say that the group of the european people 's party christian democrats and european democrats agrees with this negotiated compromise
La capacité de cet ascenseur est de dix personnes .
before i come to the points of criticism let me recapitulate - not in detail but just a quick tour
gore and others often argue that if the science of climate change concludes that co2 emissions are harmful it follows that we should stop those harmful emissions – and that we are morally obliged to do so
this demand made by the bush administration would stand in total contradiction to the aim and purpose of the international criminal court
you will probably be aware that these informal yet important discussions have already begun
just imagine a member state of the eu in which terror has reigned for 25 years
her cheeks began to glow with shame
the article authorising product placement is based on a falsehood because first this principle is denied and then it is sanctioned in a thousand different ways
Dès lors , la question se pose en l' occurrence : que pouvons - nous faire ?
portugal is proud to have a portuguese of such recognised ability and quality as dr barroso at the head of the commission
it is not a road that you should feel the need to walk alone.it is my pleasure to invite you to address the european parliament
this decision will have an irreversible adverse impact on the european economy 's competitiveness
this can lead to confusion and disappointment among those not familiar with the system
La Commission ne fait pas partie de la solution au problème ; en fait , elle constitue le problème .
after adjusting for inflation today ’s price is nowhere near the all - time high of january 1980 back then gold hit $ 850 or well over $ 2,000 in today ’s dollars
it is important that we continue to make the commission aware of this issue and the council will follow this matter closely and actively
C' est pourquoi il est indispensable de disposer de mesures efficaces et urgentes en vue de réinstaller ces réfugiés et de les accueillir avec la dignité qu' ils méritent .
Ce que l' on peut faire aujourd'hui , c' est réellement influer sur l' objet , et modifier sa forme .
Au nom de mon groupe , je salue les rapports de la Commission et du rapporteur .
there are many reasons for this
the first line of action is an investment strategy to help genuinely implement the lisbon strategy
Il laisse une veuve et une fille .
but i look at something like this and i consider the implications of trust and confidence in the purchase process
i must read to you the conclusions of that committee
C' est la première fois que j' entends parler de cela .
Il est absolument intolérable qu’ aujourd’ hui , le monde continue d’ accroître les dépenses militaires et de réduire les fonds consacrés aux aides .
the treaty of lisbon provides more resources to strengthen the ammunition and military industry in europe and because of the same treaty it will be easier for the big european countries who are military powers to mount a military mission
J' espère vraiment , dès lors , que vous soutiendrez le ministre dans sa bataille pour l' objectif 1 .
Certains se servent de cette noble cause comme d' un cheval de Troie pour tenter de faire passer leur propre idéologie avant l' intérêt des enfants .
but he was in fact a moral philosopher and he was right on why we 're moral
Il a dû rester à l' hôpital pendant une semaine .
Mais l' ours russe est toujours un peu caractériel et je conseille à la Commission d' emporter à Nizhny Novgorod non seulement un pot de miel mais aussi un grand filet .
it 's about time
operational agencies have been created to protect all forms of transport
Les critères directs d' adhésion sont clairement stipulés dans les accords européens .
we still believe that to be the case
we had open and concrete discussions about the development of freedom security and justice
Quand un enfant ouvre un de ces ordinateurs portables , il communique avec chaque enfant de la salle , de l' école , et du village .
so that became a challenge
he got caught
we must once again remember that the civilian populations of israel and of the palestinian territories are the victims of blind violence whose aim is to obliterate any progress towards a negotiated solution
the sitting was suspended at 7 p.m. and resumed at 9 p.m.
Je souhaite mentionner trois points .
C' est dû au fait qu' il n' y a rien de nouveau .
i do n't see him
that 's 20 % of the world 's population
mr borrell you said that the moment mr blair spoke in this house was a great moment for democracy
Même si la croissance de l’ Amérique latine suit la conjoncture mondiale , il est fort probable qu’ en 2012 , les économies de la région présenteront encore de meilleurs résultats que les pays industriels .
in the past the baltic sea region was one of europe 's most economically dynamic areas
Chacun sait pertinemment que nous ne souhaitons pas d' actions de groupe à l' américaine . Nous avons donc aujourd'hui l' occasion unique de concevoir un modèle européen , qui respecte les valeurs européennes de notre société et de notre justice .
i do not think that this is the case
Et lui : " Oui . Les vaches dorment debout .
however we must not forget the earthquake in may and the destruction that left many tens of thousands dead and made millions homeless
if they wanted to act in accordance with their own consciences they would have to distance themselves somewhat from national and party political loyalties and that is sometimes expecting too much
ro first of all i congratulate rapporteur rübig and i would like to specify certain elements
i therefore believe that in the last analysis it is perhaps the governments that are the most important interlocutors
we would all like to achieve the same result but at this stage we have not yet found the compromise that suits and brings all the potential together to resolve this issue
Je conviens que l' on ne peut établir un parallèle exact entre l' Arctique et l' Antarctique - je suis d' accord avec la commissaire sur ce point .
we do n't like to give up our special - ness so you know having the idea that robots could really have emotions or that robots could be living creatures -- i think is going to be hard for us to accept
he has undermined political freedom the rule of law the independence of the courts and the freedom of the media and organised labour
in a sense the group of betters at the racetrack is forecasting the future in probabilistic terms
Il convient , en effet , de souligner l' importance que revêt le réacteur de recherche dans le domaine médical au cours de ces dernières années .
On en a tous entendu parler ici cette semaine , alors je ne vais pas m' étendre plus que ça là - dessus , mis à part dire que ce qui est vrai pour les portables est aussi vrai pour toutes sortes de technologies .
Enfin , la croissance économique est plus forte et le taux de chômage plus faible dans trois des quinze pays n' ayant pas rejoint la zone euro par rapport à ceux qui en font partie .
Même si certains membres de l’ OTAN veulent se distancier de cette stratégie , l’ administration Bush soutient sans ambiguïté le rôle de l’ OTAN en tant qu’ espace de sécurité élargi .
Et il y a un volcan derrière , qui est recouvert de glaciers jusqu' à son sommet .
Seul le nouveau régime est en mesure de remporter les nouvelles élections municipales qui devraient avoir lieu en mai , puisque l' opposition en est tout simplement écartée .
Ceux qui étaient de cet avis se souviendront que j' ai dit que nous ne savions absolument pas ce que les autres groupes en pensaient .
or else what exactly
accordingly i have voted against this report
Tom ne veut pas parler de sa vie privée .
enough of europe being unsure of what to do
La chaleur du coeur faisait érupter des geysers -- ainsi sont nés les océans
there are still strong doubts about the iranians ’ claims that they only want to develop nuclear energy for peaceful purposes
a line that the dalai lama once said he said love and compassion are necessities
it is related to even more serious issues such as safety accessibility of services and competitiveness
La libéralisation du commerce s' avérera également être un catalyseur pour les réformes économiques .
lastly she went to america
it can be said that the fact that changes were made at the last minute did not directly affect the result of these elections
they have managed to have modifications adopted very significantly which are both aimed at minimising the role of national democracies
others believe that the only useful analogy is to europe ’s old balance - of - power games and still others combine the two pointing to the “ balance of terror ” during the cold war
Les nombres cumulés nous montrent que , de fait , les squatters , le milliard de squatters , construit le monde urbain . Ce qui veut dire qu' ils construisent le monde . Chacun d' entre eux , chaque famille , chaque clan , chaque voisin .
Franchement , cela a plutôt été le contraire .
Pourrais - je avoir votre nom et numéro de téléphone s' il vous plait ?
De la lumière en est sorti dans toutes les directions .
Reculez - vous !
Il s' est assis à une table avec sept ou huit de ces autres gars .
Cette suppression des aides publiques destinées à la modernisation des navires s' avérera positive , car elle contribuera à maintenir l' emploi à bord des navires ? .
paint is all low - volume chemical which is very important when you 're working in the room all the time
À cet égard , le rôle de la Russie est fondamental .
i would therefore like once again to invite you to take part in the events that are going to be held today in the european parliament which is participating in today ’s celebration with the greatest of enthusiasm
the commission has adopted and published some cross - cutting standards explaining the criteria that we are using in these exceptional circumstances to analyse whether those plans comply with the rules of the treaty
it is china ’s firm intention never to seek hegemony nor to support global domination by a small minority of countries
why however must it start with interventions from the top from mr persson mr verhofstadt mr prodi and mr barnier
En réalité , nous faisons l' objet d' une étude démographique uniquement en raison d' une simplification injustifiée et d' une ignorance de ce que nous sommes .
Malheureusement , ces professions ont été terriblement endommagées . Elles ont , d' une part , à reconstruire , d' autre part , et c' est peut - être le plus compliqué , à regagner la confiance commerciale .
it 's a part of the space that 's accessible to animals since we are animals we are a subset of that
mrs dührkop dührkop you rose superbly to the challenge of achieving a consensus on the subsidy programmes for institutions which was a herculean task
Avant ça , le plus grand honneur que nous pouvions faire en Grande - Bretagne c' était une visite d' une équipe de l' émission de jardinage Ground Force .
i am afraid of having trouble
indeed one senses a certain satisfaction in some countries that have been the targets of human rights criticism by the us now they sense an opportunity to turn the tables
now he 's going to pick up a pen with his opposed thumb and index finger
– mr president commissioner ladies and gentlemen and mr katiforis whom for a start i warmly thank for the report on the future assessment of rating agencies
Le traité ne dit pas que c' est interdit de reprendre des dettes .
yet in the end credibility collapsed because of the lack of flexibility
please answer us that
Le texte est très clair .
Israël doit mettre fin à ses tirs de missiles dirigés vers ses ennemis et libérer tous les représentants élus des Palestiniens ;
i 'll be in my office
Le nombre de gens qui auront la possibilité de participer à ce genre de projets va augmenter .
Et donc il n' y a aucun moyen que ça marche . »
Ce livre est à moi . Où est le tien ?
Chaque personne a droit à un procès équitable et la décision d' un tribunal indépendant devrait être respectée .
Il n' en demeure pas moins que les appels nominaux sont indiqués sur les listes de vote que chacun doit avoir à sa disposition et doit consulter avant de venir ici .
Nous devons donc sensibiliser davantage la société à la situation des PME , qui sont en permanence confrontées à une série d' obstacles .
Grâce à ses efforts , et à l’ appui de sa mère , de sa famille et de sa communauté , il est devenu membre principal de la section des contrebassistes de l' orchestre philharmonique de Berlin .
first online news outlets will have to link not just to sources but to live footage ideally shot by citizens
look at what their parents says
Tous ces éléments ont manqué dans son dossier .
for these small companies in particular simplification of procedures is important
La directive - cadre fait partie de cet objectif .
secondly president saddam hussein 's regime is strongly suspected of maintaining close links with islamic terrorist groups
Jusqu' au dernier jour , nous n' avons pas eu la certitude de parvenir à un résultat , mais , en fin de compte , ce résultat a été positif .
Les problèmes d' eau ne peuvent fondamentalement être résolus que sur place et uniquement dans un contexte financier acceptable .
Actuellement , un tiers d' entre eux est collecté .
La grue , contrairement au chien , n' a jamais rêvé de voler .
we 'll talk again in the morning
my father is in the hospital now
Dans les pays dont la croissance des prix est plus élevée qu' en Allemagne , mais dont les coûts d' emprunt sont les mêmes , cela ne changera rien d’ autre qu’ une surchauffe , une hausse de l’ inflation , et des taux d' intérêt réels encore plus bas .
Nous constatons que les échéances - qui ne peuvent être prorogées - et les mesures coercitives rigoureuses , qui ont été proposées à plusieurs reprises par la Commission , n' ont encore une fois pas été appliquées .
if you want coffee you have to pay for it yourself it 's two euros 50
L' addition , s' il vous plait .
this law will deprive us of our basic rights
we 're here to help you we need data we need to know what you need
i welcome the european parliament 's decision to approve the interim agreement between the european union and the pacific states
La deuxième partie de mon rapport concerne l' assistance en escale - c' est - à - dire , toutes les opérations autour de l' avion et dans l' aéroport , de l' approvisionnement en kérosène à la manipulation des bagages et à la procédure d' embarquement .
my constituents will be hoping that this is not just another paper tiger
Les tensions à la frontière entre le territoire bosniaque et le territoire bosno - serbe se sont apaisées .
Malheureusement , une autre leçon tirée de la crise financière est que la plupart des hommes politiques sont génétiquement incapables de faire les choix préventifs difficiles avant d’ y être effectivement acculés .
cecilia malmström the minister for european affairs will sign on behalf of the council
Monsieur le Président , chers collègues , nous aussi , nous nous félicitons du rapport de Mme Jensen .
Les propositions budgétaires présentées par le candidat présidentiel Mitt Romney et son colistier , Paul Ryan , pourraient réduire le déficit budgétaire , mais ne feraient qu' aggraver les trois autres .
this is the real question before us
C' est de la merde . Jette - le .
either way it vitiates all attempts to create an international community of open societies
Il y avait une constitution qui ne reposait pas sur le racisme .
the european union and its institutions have a duty and responsibility to uphold respect for human rights including those of all minorities
la possibilité que le traitement de " catégories particulières de données , relatives à l' origine raciale ou ethnique , aux opinions politiques , aux convictions religieuses ou philosophiques , à l' appartenance partisane ou syndicale , à l' orientation sexuelle et à la santé " ne soit pas exclu ;
La proposition de la Commission vise à modifier les quatre règlements applicables aux vins et vins mousseux .
they have dramatically increased because women are gripped by the idea of a lower risk
finally i would like to point out that it is not true that the directive on takeover bids does not provide for political interventions article 4(5 provides for the establishment of exceptional measures in accordance with national circumstances
which male child will perish a new day
such discriminatory treatment by the commission is not acceptable under any circumstances
Je pense que tous ces scénarios doivent être examinés à l' avance .
C’ est un peu notre cri de bataille .
Enfin , il y a 15 ans , la technologie en est venue au point où nous avons pu découvrir une planète autour d' une autre étoile , et en fait on a bien avancé .
Les enfants comptent parmi les membres de notre société qui ont le plus besoin de protection , en particulier s' ils sont orphelins , vulnérables ou victimes de violences .
but what does the conveniently vague and ambiguous term biodiversity actually mean
La deuxième option , c’ était la recherche d’ un compromis : le traité de Lisbonne .
L' ambassadeur de Russie a confirmé ces propos .
Il faudra préciser les droits fondamentaux face aux nouveaux dangers .
Il est urgent de défendre et de préserver notre patrimoine naturel et historique et de développer des parcs et des zones vertes dans les villes , d' apprendre à humaniser la ville et à nous humaniser dans cette ville .
it will have to do without our support
he got injured in a traffic accident
financial control of the implementation of the community budget takes place at three levels internal control within each institution external control by the european court of auditors and the discharge procedure of the european parliament
firstly what we want to provide is a coherent global framework
sixth instead we were simply informed that the vote had been validated anyway
Nous devons veiller à mettre sur pied un service public universel et un système de primes adéquat .
En qualité de ministre indien des Affaires étrangères , j’ ai souvent eu à mener des discussions , constructives , avec l’ Iran .
Je ne sais pas ce qu' est devenu ce garçon .
Cela dit , si la proposition de la Commission est bonne en principe , lorsqu' on l' examine plus en détails , on constate qu' elle manque de rigueur et d' efficacité , comme le rapporteur l' a déjà signalé .
On attend également du sommet un message favorable à l' élargissement de l' Union européenne .
Cela n' affecte en rien les pouvoirs des autorités de protection des données à l' égard des activités de traitement effectuées dans l' UE par la SWIFT ou des institutions financières .
this is rising comfort stays whole
Dans les espaces maritimes , ces opérations doivent aussi être effectuées dans le respect du droit maritime international .
Le vote d' aujourd' hui concerne le collège de 26 commissaires .
some observers argue that britain 's prospects for joining the euro have been damaged by the swedish no vote or by the domestic fall - out after the war against iraq
i should like to summarise the article for you therefore and add a question about our strategy in afghanistan
Malheureusement , la diversité des réglementations utilisées dans les États membres crée des occasions d' abus et les demandes de clarification et d' harmonisation de la définition de " viande de veau " entre les divers États membres sont nombreuses .
J' aurais aimé que tu sois venue avec nous .
long - winded explanations in unintelligible language obscure more than they clarify
those measures are all the more necessary at a time when member states development aid has fallen somewhat from 0.41 % to 0.38 % of the eu 's gnp between 2006 and 2007
of course china also has abundant cheap labor to process ore
it was very primal and more remote than anything i 'd ever experienced before
Alors , je pensais " Pourquoi pas prier l' Inconnu et demander de l' aide " , ensuite j' ai commencé à recevoir de l' aide de toutes parts , , de tous les recoins de ma vie d' alors .
this is unfair this has been pointed out repeatedly by parliament and in the koterec report
Maintenant rappelez - vous -- pourquoi cela arrive - t - il ?
is there anyone in the room
C' est ce que je viens de vous décrire , c' est une part de l' héritage politique autochtone de l' Afrique .
Les orientations stratégiques doivent être claires et faciles à lire et à comprendre .
Donc , pour en revenir à la goutte , à nouveau , en pensant à l' univers d' une manière nouvelle .
the fact that in many countries the fundamental right to life is not respected is deeply shameful for today ’s civilisation and today ’s europe
we must give consumers the choice
Son éradication avec des produits chimiques n' a donné que des résultats temporaires .
and i was just in new york at the launch and i went to see all these places where they 're installed
Nous pourrions fort bien nous retrouver contraints d' importer une bonne part de ces biocarburants .
that is why there is a separate budget line
these proposals form part of the community 's sixth action programme and the attached package as published by the commission in july 2008
Il faut en tout cas élaborer des méthodes plus efficaces de suivi de l' absorption des fonds de l' Union spécialement destinés aux populations marginalisées .
Cette question est dès lors par excellence un choix que l' UE doit laisser aux États membres .
they relate to safer car fronts and the very important issue of blood alcohol
Ces nouveaux outils ont déjà été utilisés , avec des résultats positifs .
Dès lors , unissons nos forces .
although it falls within the competence of the member states this issue must not prevent the european union from assisting member states in their deliberations in order to guarantee european citizens an adequate stable and sustainable pension system
so whether president barack obama or mitt romney prevails in november the next president will be constrained by the twin need for urgent economic stabilization and longer - term reforms
so replicating food taking it into that next level is where we 're going
accordingly i regret that some meps are adding to the chaos by suggesting in an amendment that the existing infrastructure should disappear or that major new projects are not viable
Le but consiste essentiellement à aligner les règles européennes sur les accords internationaux , à savoir la Convention de l’ Organisation maritime internationale ( OMI ) sur les normes de formation des gens de mer , la délivrance des brevets et de veille ( Convention STCW ) .
Lorsque j' atteins le sommet d' une pente abrupte au beau milieu de nulle part je me sens jeune , invincible et éternel .
offshore piracy seriously disrupts aid being brought in by ships
C' est pour empêcher tout affaiblissement de la démocratie de nous avons créé un nouveau groupe : le groupe pour l' Europe des démocraties et des différences .
in writing - fr i voted in favour of the fava report on the draft directive on sanctions against employers of illegal immigrants
i voted for the zver report
Et pour imaginer -- , c' est toujours difficile pour nous .
Il est néanmoins passionnant d’ observer la manière dont la sélection naturelle nous façonne – et certaines constatations sont surprenantes .
Les gens sont donc formés à leur utilisation dans un environnement sûr , comme celui - ci , où l' on voit tout ce qui se passe .
Cela représente un gain des plus tangibles pour les citoyens qui nous ont confié pour mandat de représenter leurs intérêts au sein de cette Assemblée .
in short if the macroeconomic moderation that dominated 2006 continues into 2007 look for further asset price inflation but do n’t hold your breath for the dow to hit 36,000
mr president going through the voting list again with the rapporteur a moment or two ago we came across a problem that affects the voting procedure
this road leads you there
if bush and blair prematurely withdraw large numbers of the troops that support iraqi stability the country ’s new government would have little chance of success
in it she argues that violence against women is a structural and widespread problem across the whole of europe and that it arises out of inequality between men and women
Je regrette d' avoir entendu le président Soares et d' autres établir un parallèle entre le Timor - oriental et Macao .
Le fait que plus de 80 % de l’ activité économique est exercée dans les villes fait des autorités locales des piliers du développement régional .
L' énergie représente un projet capital pour l' intégration européenne , comme l' a été autrefois le marché intérieur .
Historiquement , de tels affrontements ont souvent déclenché guerres civiles ( comme par exemple en Espagne en 1936 , ou au Tadjikistan en 1992 ) ou coups d’ État militaires musclés ( comme en Indonésie en 1965 , et en Turquie en 1980 ) .
this right should initially be guaranteed by the country the individual is returned to
by doing this a more protective and global approach will emerge for the community 's workers
Oh ! Très bien .
Monsieur le Président , je suis désolé , mais je ne peux partager le contenu de ce document , tout comme je ne peux partager les contenus du Livre vert .
once a person 's name is on the list it is very difficult to have it removed
recent american leaders for their part find it nearly impossible to deploy military force without first employing such rhetoric as both mantra and crutch
although some countries have resisted the trend inequality has been increasing over the last 30 - 40 years in the world as a whole
par écrit . - L' accès à la nourriture pour tous , dans un contexte de hausse de demande mondiale et d' insuffisance alimentaire pour plusieurs milliards de personnes dans le monde , est un défi gigantesque et primordial .
Comme l' a très bien souligné notre rapporteur , Mme Thyssen , les brasseries investissent dans les immeubles et installations de leurs clients , avec la certitude de pouvoir écouler leurs produits assez périssables .
La mission de la troïka poursuivait essentiellement trois objectifs .
J' aimerais que tu me transfères cette douleur que tu ressens .
Bien sûr , l' aspect négatif est qu' une nouvelle monnaie est sujette aux abus et aux attaques menées par les contrefacteurs experts , dont nous avons déjà entendu parler .
rapporteur - fi mr president the main idea behind the budget for 2008 is that we can ensure that 2008 is the year of the taxpayers which in practice means keeping expenditure more or less at 2007 levels
this is a small step forward in the protection of motherhood and fatherhood which are fundamental rights and values of our society
Sur la Turquie , vous nous avez dit que le processus d' adhésion de la Turquie était seulement ralenti .
you mentioned the financial instruments and the treaties with neighbouring countries
our grassland system of quality and environmentally sustainable beef production is being undercut by third country imports
if greed dominates the engine of economic growth will deplete our resources push the poor aside and drive us into a deep social political and economic crisis
Je me réjouis également , à titre personnel , du fait que la graisse de la catégorie 2 ne puisse dorénavant plus être employée qu' en guise d' engrais ou d' huile de chauffage tout au plus .
Les voilà en train de rouler l' encens .
i do not make this point because of any desire in the prodi commission to retreat from activities or responsibilities
- after the vote on amendment 37
Malgré la situation incertaine en Égypte , je pense que le Parlement a raison de promouvoir activement l' approbation de cet accord , qui devrait faciliter la vie des entreprises , sans émettre de commentaire politique sur l' actuel gouvernement égyptien .
it might also mean that smaller brands will not be represented at all in areas other than large population centres and consequently consumers will have significantly less choice among makes of vehicle
Nous avons le groupe de contact international .
are we going to be ready for action when faced with such irresponsible perspectives
Je n' ai été à aucun de ces endroits .
Le risque aujourd’hui n’ est pas d’ une crise imminente , mais plutôt que les flux de capitaux jaillissant du boom mondial ne soient pas bien gérés , ce qui conduirait à établir certaines vulnérabilités .
another thing is it turns out those resources do n't usually come from the places you might expect -- banks venture capitalists other organizations and support structures -- they come from friends and family
to name just one there is the issue of how the european union and the member states intend to carry out their rio and kyoto obligations in terms of co2 reduction
Naturellement , il revient à chaque nation de décider comment elle souhaite impliquer son propre parlement .
that is why i voted for the joint motion for a resolution on the forest fires in the summer of 2009
with regard to the other point cohesion there is no doubt that the disadvantaged territories of the member states can and must benefit from incentives for the development of local economies and therefore of employment
Je partage donc vos inquiétudes .
La Commission ne se soustraira pas à ses responsabilités en ce qui concerne le rapport et la recommandation .
i would say that the main concern continues to be the same first of all the health of citizens then in second place protecting the market
Dans n' importe quel autre domaine , l' autorité communautaire chargée de la concurrence est intervenue , mais elle ne l' a pas fait dans celui - ci .
De la même façon , selon les termes de l’ amendement 21 , nous pouvons faire la même chose pour les films .
La Commission nous a présenté de nombreux rapports et fait de nombreuses promesses , mais il n' y a eu que peu de mesures concrètes .
however i speak here not as a german representative but on behalf of my group
the commission must therefore put before parliament the strategic documents to which i have referred
in fact they funded it for that very reason
Nous nous sommes mis à discuter et je négociais .
in this way we could have avoided having a le pen as the presiding oldest member without this house murdering the rules of procedure and adopting a procedure that exists in no other parliament of a democratic country
in a february meeting the us ambassador to kyrgyzstan asked her chinese counterpart about reports that china had offered to pay kyrgyzstan $ 3 billion if the kyrgyz shut down the american base the two diplomats were conversing in russian
Mais bon ... A la fin , cependant , et c' est vraiment incroyable , pour chacun des groupes de 10 conférences que j' avais soumis , j' ai fini par recevoir des résumés intéressants .
Je tiens à vous informer qu' aujourd' hui même , la Commission désigne un coordinateur de lutte contre la traite , qui prendra ses fonctions le mois prochain .
Le programme ne soutient pas directement cet objectif , mais il faut espérer que nous pourrons également investir dans le développement des contenus à l’ avenir .
it has been almost exclusively a european phenomenon and we need more research on the sustainability of return under avr programmes
however you referred to a letter that mr tajani had sent to me
Pire encore , de nombreux logiciels disponibles sur le marché peuvent être programmés pour imiter le style des meilleurs Grands Maitres à un point qui en est presque troublant .
Et l' amendement 7 rappelait tout simplement ce qui c' était passé en ce qui concerne le personnel extérieur engagé par des firmes différentes .
there is a need for competition in this field we need to find out all the facts yet we must not forget that investment required in strategic sectors - the environment combined transport and so on - is enormous
C' est là un obstacle à la protection juridique des droits individuels et un aspect dont nous devons rediscuter .
Ce type est une vraie girouette : il change tout le temps d' avis .
according to opinion polls collected in many countries by the world value surveys in 1999 - 2000 the french on average fear income inequality much more than citizens of other industrial countries
mr lange i hope you will not take offence if i say that this request regarding petrol and fuel consumption in independent vehicle heaters and air - conditioning units is one of these
i once again thank you for this invitation and for your hospitality
Les eaux calmes sont profondes .
we continue to regard the strategy of sustainable development as fully valid
neither gold nor greatness make us happy
signing and implementing an agreement for social progress and employment would be proof of this political will
Tout comme le disait Louis Michel la semaine passée : on sait où çà commence mais on ne sait pas où çà finit .
Il y a certaines choses que le secteur public ne peut faire et certaines choses que le marché ne peut faire .
par écrit . - En Europe , près de deux femmes immigrées sur trois ont des emplois peu qualifiés , souvent dans le secteur des soins à la personne ou du travail domestique .
i wish i had a friend like you
– commissioner at the moment energy trading and particularly energy imports generate high profits at international level
Je terminerai en abordant deux problèmes qui , à mon avis , seront au centre du débat de la conciliation .
Certaines professions telles que comptable , notaire , avocats et commissaires aux comptes peuvent être sensibles à la corruption et à l' influence de la criminalité organisée .
( Explication de vote écourtée conformément à l' article 137 , paragraphe 1 , du règlement )
Ils ne connaissent l' Europe et le monde qu' à travers la télévision .
we are delighted by this initiative because until now the council has to some extent put a brake on the judicial cooperation requested by our parliament
but in many ways we 're still at the very beginning with wolfram alpha
the five permanent members of the united nations security council the “ p-5 ” still defend their right to veto resolutions and their military power is unmatched
i 'm sorry to bother you so often
you 're doing it right
above all it will be essential to combat the enormous economic and social shortcomings which are a result of persisting under - development and which lead to increased inequalities poverty marginalisation and exclusion
he ca n't know the truth
that has never been shaken it has always been european in outlook
physical violence has occurred and openly racist graffiti appeared simply because someone was speaking hungarian because they belonged to a different nationality
Comme nous venons de l' entendre , cet événement s' est produit il y a quelques semaines et se rapporte explicitement à 2003 . Je parle de 2003 !
J' ai dissuadé ma femme d' acheter un nouveau tapis .
armando manni is a former filmmaker who makes this olive oil from an olive that grows on a single slope in tuscany
my proposals as rapporteur are as follows firstly the commission must intervene more strongly in the case of obvious errors and where these errors are repeated it must suspend the funding
En vérité , nous avons effectivement réduit la proposition initiale de 49 millions d' euros .
yet the general affairs council has been discussing cuba today and yesterday and has issued conclusions showing the council 's position in a slightly different light
russia ’s then - president vladimir putin put himself in an analogous bind in 2003 with the arrest of the oil oligarch mikhail khodorkovsky
- Monsieur le Président , il est regrettable que nous n’ ayons pas l’ occasion d’ écouter les candidats à la vice-présidence s’ exprimer , même si leur nombre correspond au nombre de sièges à pourvoir .
off - microphone intervention from mr cohn - bendit
the current practice of corporate social responsibility or csr is an excellent example of the fact that strengthening the social and environmental dimension does not necessarily mean a decline in companies competitiveness
Nous ne devons plus procéder ainsi : les flux migratoire , les échanges de populations sont une nécessité économique et une richesse humaine pour les pays d' accueil .
La prochaine conférence sur la charte aura lieu les 3 et 4 juin à Bled , en Slovénie .
specifically we now know that the sun 's ultraviolet radiation is the primary cause of most skin cancers
. - Je soutiens ce rapport parce qu’ il réaffirme les conclusions du Conseil selon lesquelles les relations bilatérales de pêche de l’ UE doivent être transformées d’ accords d’ accès en « accords de partenariat » .
Ensuite si on applique cette recette à une carte , sur un sol sablonneux , un sol argileux , une pente abrupte , un terrain plat , on applique ces différentes recettes . En les combinant , on obtient un business plan , avec un calendrier de travail , et on peut l' optimiser en fonction de la main - d' oeuvre ou de la quantité d' engrais disponibles , et ainsi c' est faisable .
this in fact is the second pillar of the pharma package that we are delivering and the third pillar that of information to patients has already had a very good report here in parliament
even when he could scarcely breathe with the help of an automatic respirator argentines wanted him to assume his role in their dark ritual show us a good time bring our hearts some fun
Voilà une option .
Permettez - moi de vous présenter un autre développement très important dans le cadre du Conseil des droits de l' homme . Je veux parler de l' introduction d' un examen périodique universel , auquel l' Union européenne attache une grande importance .
i would like to compliment the members of the transport committee who worked on this report
Néanmoins , la commission des budgets estime que la proposition de la Commission se fonde sur trop d' hypothèses aléatoires .
then we will be able to use european law to close the loopholes whose presence this calamity has made so obvious or where there is negligence or a lack of vigilance we will know who is responsible
Le centre du commerce se déplaça ensuite à Amsterdam , où de nouveau , les riches bourgeois suscitèrent une nouvelle forme d’ art qui donna naissance à l’ âge de Rembrandt .
mr president the fact that we voted at all on this today seems to me a breach of this parliament 's rules of procedure
what are the most important points at this stage to help us appraise the work that has been done
there is a great risk and lack of consistency in the council 's position whereby the issue of the data act would be included in the directive
Comme je l' ai dit , toute opposition attisée par l' inutilité des coûts aurait pour conséquence d' aboutir à des normes encore moins adéquates que celles établies dans ce projet de directive .
that was also important in the framework of the unfortunate story of a common resolution in terms of human rights policy over china but as far as europe and the united states are concerned there was excellent cooperation
economic relations between major players such as china and japan are increasingly close – owing not only to booming trade but also to direct investment and regional production networks
La culture a une place dans l' âme d' une nation et des racines dans son lieu d' origine .
Ignorer cette réalité mènera à l’ échec , voire à la catastrophe .
De ces soldats , dix ont ensuite été tués et au moins 40 ont pris la fuite dans la brousse .
the president of the commission is elected
Si la première doit être considérée comme une activité criminelle , il importe de simplifier les procédures pour limiter l' impact de la seconde .
the council and european commission have a definite responsibility to find solutions to produce the external financing that is required
Je voudrais conclure cet exposé en évoquant une conviction très ancienne pour moi .
Les principaux points de mon avis ont été repris à l' unanimité par la commission compétente , à savoir la commission de l' emploi et des affaires sociales .
this does n't work
Toutefois , il est indispensable de surveiller de très près les droits des femmes .
Lorsqu' ils convergèrent vers le nord de la Chine en octobre 1936 , ils célébrèrent la fin de la Marche .
so it 's not just something you do in your spare time
it was an amazing privilege to do this series
but in a crisis china 's diplomatic influence usually resembles that of some peripheral backwater
Ces références ont été supprimées et les dirigeants européens ont proposé un " nouveau " traité intitulé traité de Lisbonne .
in terms of stock the increase in direct european investments in manufacturing sectors in recent years has quite simply been extraordinary
Donc avec des données comme ça , nous pouvons établir une carte , et sur cette carte , vous voyez les milliers de positions générées par ces 15 ans de marquage .
Je crois que l' on peut dire tranquillement que - du moins dans les vingt dernières années - la politique de l' égalité des chances promue par l' Union européenne est une des très rares politiques de succès au niveau social .
that being the case i should like to answer some questions on minorities
Franchement , il est quelque peu embarrassant d' exprimer à nos collègues du sud de la Méditerranée notre enthousiasme d' avoir achevé les négociations portant sur ces accords , alors que des mois , voire des années , sont nécessaires pour les ratifier .
Pour conclure , je souhaiterais féliciter le rapporteur , M. Ebner , pour son excellent travail .
as mr bernard - reymond is aware my initial concern at his first draft report was that we were spending most of our time lecturing china
En ce qui concerne les États membres , il est crucial d' améliorer la coopération entres les douanes et les autorités en charge du contrôle des marchés .
Et cela ne nous étonne pas , bien que nous le regrettions , qu' ils réagissent parfois de manière excessive ou injuste .
Je crois - bien qu' on doive évidemment encore tenir compte de situations particulières - qu' un consensus a vu le jour pour les questions - clés lors de la recherche de solutions pour la politique structurelle , pour les fonds structurels .
the freight train was held up about half an hour because of a dense fog
corporate social responsibility and corporate governance are two sides of the same coin
Je vais commencer avec un camembert et je promets que ca sera le seul graphique de ce type dans tout mon exposé . Mais il expose l' état de nos connaissances sur le cosmos .
En ce qui concerne la réalisation des objectifs que l' Union européenne s' est fixée en vue de lutter contre le changement climatique , ce règlement sera assurément utile .
Les activités de la Banque européenne d' investissement et du Fonds européen d' investissement constituent un levier puissant pour les interventions des fonds structurels en cours .
this is why i particularly support the amendments referring to the mainstreaming of programmes and i am calling for support for a multiannual programme by 2003
in other words does there always have to be an accident before we learn anything
On a vu s' allumer deux lueurs d' espoir lorsque le traité de Lisbonne est entré en vigueur .
globalization has been good to many in the developing world
Elle n’ existe pas , elle n’ est même pas possible .
fortunately even though we in the west have a vision of man and woman being equal the facts describe a disturbing situation
perhaps a stealth thing
i hope this response will set a few pointers for the future
it was a very special moment last month when all the political groups stepped up to the plate to achieve a political agreement beyond the 2011 budget on the future financing of the eu
Je leur ai en outre demandé de nous communiquer si , et , dans l' affirmative , comment les États membres entendent réviser leur programme de planification initia , afin de renforcer le soutien à des mesures socio-économiques .
the developing countries are now following us and accelerating their pace and actually their cumulative emissions this year are the equivalent to where we were in 1965 and they 're catching up very dramatically the total concentrations by 2025 they will be essentially where we were in 1985
L' Union européenne , soutenue par la Commission européenne , entend bien poursuivre dans cette voie avec la Chine .
J' ai deux remarques à formuler a posteriori .
iraq and north korea have likewise been battered by sanctions
i was a ceramic designer for about 10 years and just loved utilitarian form -- simple things that we use every day little compositions of color and surface on form
Cela ne réduira que de 1,5 % les émissions de CO2 du pays .
they do not have the mandate or the manpower to police a large - scale poppy - growing medical project - or for that matter to eradicate the crop
at first glance i feel that there are three essential aspects to this issue
Nous voulons profiter des avantages de cette directive , et ce dès maintenant .
Donc -- ça c' est avec le Hot Studio à San Francisco , ils ont fait ce travail phénoménal .
this makes political efforts by both sides particularly important
L' art d' enseigner n' est que l' art d' éveiller la curiosité des jeunes âmes pour la satisfaire ensuite .
it is for these reasons that i will not support amendments nos 6 and 7
therefore if europe wishes to be credible it must seriously rethink its entire policy towards the african continent
the european union has recognised and condemned the immense suffering caused by past and present forms of slavery and trafficking wherever they took or take place as well as the most blameworthy aspects of colonialism
in july this year we adopted a comprehensive framework for its activities which will shortly be followed by detailed rules of application
Nous avons pour tâche , en notre qualité de députés de ce nouveau Parlement , de décider de nos dates , lieux et méthodes de travail pour 2005 .
Les ventes aux enchères entraîneront une augmentation du nombre d' opérateurs mobiles dans l' Union .
there 's so much joy and things i could get from playing an instrument and performing
if there is one aspect that this situation once again highlights it is that the enlargement of the eu and nato occurs in harmony
Je soutiens les demandes d' éclaircissements sur les financements alloués au Kosovo car il y va de la crédibilité de l' Union et de cette jeune nation qui a vocation à devenir , un jour , membre de l' Union .
that is quite normal
i plan to reply to his letter right away
few written guidelines outlining forbidden or sensitive topics exist no constant memoranda dictate content
on behalf of the gue / ngl group - de mr president i am speaking on behalf of my colleague who is unable to be here and i would like to make a few remarks
C' est tout à fait regrettable .
but i think we in the committee on transport still wonder whether the commissioner has not accepted the council 's ideas too quickly
and quarks have electric charges in thirds
et ils les remplaçaient par des bijoux factices faits en fonte .
but europeans should temper their criticism with the realization that europe has similar problems of its own
Cependant , Monsieur le Président , le papier souffre tout .
this is one reason
strike hard who cares – shoot straight who can –
and he stopped doing this
J' estime - si je puis dire - que donner une voix aux femmes migrantes d' une manière plus directe et plus forte peut être utile , même dans le cadre de l' élaboration de politiques européennes de protection plus fortes .
Votre confiance m' a soutenu . Cela m' a donné le courage de prendre même des décisions difficiles , désagréables et impopulaires .
i want to take advantage here of the presence of the president - in - office and the commissioner to point to the need to learn the lesson of a number of critical events which led to this crisis
reserve should turn into thought - provoking policy
Si les prix sont élevés , la consommation recule .
relative to the universe it 's just up the road
Nous devrions adresser de tels remerciements à l' Union africaine qui a envoyé une mission de paix composée de 7000 personnes .
i met him on several occasions
Monsieur le Président , Mesdames et Messieurs , je suis heureux de discuter de notre proposition de règlement du Parlement européen et du Conseil sur les sous-produits animaux non destinés à la consommation humaine .
Il est impliqué dans la croissance des microtubules , et il est capable de s’ accoupler avec eux de façon transitoire .
i happen to have taken an interest in these issues for a very long time
La défense de Microsoft fait donc long feu .
Pour parler franchement , je ne t' aime pas .
thank you for allowing me in with this question
J' ai été déçu par ton papier .
Cet éclaircissement pourrait être réalisé , simplement et rapidement , au moyen d’ une communication interprétative , qui serait l’ unique responsabilité de l’ Union et de la Commission .
Que la Guerre froide touche à sa fin , disaient - ils , et nous verrons à nouveau la France et l' Allemagne agiter leurs sabres une fois de plus , parce qu' il s' agit là de la tragédie de la politique étrangère fondée sur la force .
La PMI est un outil important pour faire face aux perspectives et aux enjeux que représentent les bassins maritimes de l' UE dans un ensemble cohérent qui vise le développement complet des zones côtières .
Le Conseil n' entend pas présenter une proposition détaillée .
Nous garantissons une libre concurrence et des biens peu coûteux , et c' est très bien ainsi .
i can only promise you all that we will approach these final 50 working days with the greatest dedication and with regard to the constitutional treaty with a clear idea in mind at all times
eu measures based on scientific advice can have a devastating impact on fishing communities
there is no serious condemnation of the barbarous persecution and crimes committed by the turkish authorities against the kurdish population
during a winter with record low temperatures it is reckless and inhuman to condemn millions of european citizens to being cold
perhaps having a sub - quota especially for feature and documentary films would be an improvement
Les autorités ont besoin d’ une législation claire pour améliorer la valorisation des déchets et orienter la gestion de ceux - ci dans une direction plus favorable à l’ environnement qu’ auparavant .
most inhabitants of these two small states do not want to be subject to georgia under any circumstances just as most of the inhabitants of kosovo do not want to belong to serbia under any circumstances
Monsieur le Président , Monsieur le Président du Conseil , Madame la Commissaire , je tiens d' abord à souligner que la présidence suédoise a remporté un assez beau succès , malheureusement pas sur chaque dossier , mais la chose est de toute façon impossible .
Que sommes - nous , en effet , qu' est ce que notre caractère , sinon la condensation de l' histoire que nous avons vécue depuis notre naissance .
then there was the vietnam war
they want to rule europe as a sideline
Si nous maintenons notre héritage commun à l' avant - plan , nous consoliderons les fondations de notre avenir commun .
we want to say something in general about freedom of opinion in europe
the pla has spent an inordinate amount of its rapidly growing resources in areas that give it an asymmetrical advantage such as electronic warfare and human intelligence
Par conséquent , toutes les questions que je peux lire à cet instant même dans les regards autour de moi pourront être posées à ce moment - là .
integration has taken place on a legal and institutional level
now notice something interesting --
it is vital to guarantee their rights
Nous avons au moins 2 milliards de marge .
Et c' est de Cicily Bennett , et c' est tiré d' une série de courts métrages .
in this respect the forthcoming presidential and local elections in macedonia are very important
La gauche préférait les flux vers son électorat naturel tandis que la droite accueillait les nouveaux propriétaires qui pouvaient , éventuellement , être convaincus de modifier leur allégeance politique .
Comment devons - nous y faire face ?
Mais ce serait une première étape décisive vers la transformation de la balance régionale des pouvoirs , qui permettrait la stabilisation de l’ Irak et de la région dans son ensemble .
the international consequences of a single currency therefore deserve all our attention
Cela signifie - t - il qu' un ouragan pourrait frapper le marché financier mondial à n' importe quel moment ?
En outre , le rapport invite les États membres à faciliter l' accès de ces élèves à une formation aux niveaux les plus élevés .
Pour nous , les gens dans cette salle , c' est un problème , pour les bébés , c' est mortel .
Première étape : une femme dit : « Je veux avoir un bébé ; " Iskam " bébé » Deuxième étape : le bébé nait . Youpi !
Monsieur le Président , le débat que nous tenons sur le rapport de Mme Morgantini concerne le lien que nous devons établir entre la libéralisation du commerce , la croissance économique et la pauvreté .
we have in mr gauzès a very skilled and professionally competent addition to this parliament
in greece the problem is with sovereign deficits much of it long concealed while the problem in asia was unmonitored private - sector debt
the second factor pushing up food prices is the eu and us policy of forcing consumers to make ever greater use of biofuels
J' espère que quelques - uns d' entre nous nous réunirons pour parler de ces sujets , en particulier du programme Roots and Shoots .
à travers le monde technologique , nous observons des jeunes personnes contaminées par ce syndrome de richesse soudaine .
it would have been valuable to have an analysis of these problems before the european parliament made its decision on the issue
in any case it has long been accepted that zero risk does not exist
Je ne peux pas être d' accord avec vous sur ce sujet .
we are awaiting the council 's response
Le troisième aspect qu' il faut considérer est celui de la politique de l' Union européenne et de la politique des États membres .
Google a hissé la logique de la technologie qui perd de l’ argent à son point culminant en ne demandant pas le moindre centime pour son produit .
i voted in favour of mr rapkay 's report because i agree with extending the deadline to 2018
Les jeunes entreprises et les entreprises innovantes , dont les activités sont considérées comme étant à risque , éprouvent des difficultés particulières à obtenir un soutien financier .
La forte pluie était accompagnée de tonnerre .
the european court of justice rules in accordance with the treaties
Ils étaient tous surpris de me voir là .
Le votre aura lieu aujourd'hui à 17h30 .
so it suggests that if we could have a therapeutic or a pill to take to replicate some of these effects in humans maybe we would have a way of combating lots of different age - related diseases all at once
Je lui ai laissé le reste et suis sorti .
the best instrument for achieving this is using the same method as the convention to bring together european and national parliaments national governments and the european commission
Il est possible , en l' occurrence , de prendre un certain nombre de directives en matière de contrôle , de manière à éviter tout risque de dérapage à cet égard .
what is europe 's answer and support for the needs of these citizens
one of the most important items on its agenda is reform of the fao
La gravité de ces délits est donc déterminée par une référence peu claire .
L' absence de tout esprit critique est nécessaire aux extravagantes revendications financières qu' ils formulent avec arrogance pour faire suite aux réparations que l' Allemagne a cessé de payer .
Dans une précédente résolution , le Parlement a déjà confirmé l' avis de la Cour internationale de justice allant en ce sens et c' est pourquoi nous devons rester cohérents dans nos décisions .
again all of this is done in the way us humans do things and that 's crucially important if we want milo to appear real
that allow -- that are living organisms in the sense that they contain all the organs of our civic life and our communal life deployed in an integral fashion
Cette aide est vraiment la bienvenue .
i would therefore like to propose a minimum basic social protection for the union
i know that one kiss could take away all my decision - making ability
it is not necessary to include the legislative initiatives in the save programme
for example the report asks the eib to concentrate more on those investments that enable the eu to meet the kyoto criteria
if you bear that in mind you will have a successful weekend if you do not it will be a flop
Elle l' a fait en secret , elle l' a fait pendant 3 ans , et j' ai du quitter la ville .
now the process has begun of making the same mistake once more – in connection with shoes from china and vietnam – but this time we know the cost of the policy in advance
not long after that the eu will take in ten or more new members from eastern europe
third the international atomic energy agency which is supposed to police the non - proliferation system is shamefully underfunded
Je remercie le ministre pour sa concision et le commissaire pour sa passion .
Je m' intéresse à la recherche d' une forme de vie dans l' univers .
Les préoccupations publiques à ce sujet ont été exacerbées par des affirmations selon lesquelles que les riches devenaient de plus en plus riches en payant peu d’ impôts .
Je crois véritablement que le compromis de la commission économique et monétaire serait bénéfique pour tous les États membres .
their identities and norms are basic motivations
this is a waterproof watch
au nom du groupe ALDE . - ( IT ) Madame la Présidente , Madame la Commissaire , Mesdames et Messieurs , je souhaiterais à mon tour féliciter le rapporteur , M. Becsey , pour son excellent travail .
Elle lui conseilla d' arrêter de boire .
the commission has not sat idly by in recent times but has worked to bring the european parliament more into the multilateral surveillance process
Et les poissons aussi étaient heureux d' être là .
here 's more data traffic survey data again put out by the u.k government and because they put it up using the linked data standards then a user could just make a map just by clicking
Dans l' opacité la plus totale , les transactions financières sont ainsi encouragées et tourneront , encore plus rapidement , entre les mains de quelques industriels , jouant , au passage avec le sort de millions de salariés .
on behalf of the alde group - mr president the people of zimbabwe have suffered horrendously
i voted in favour provided that turkey recognises without delay the eu member state of cyprus and withdraws without delay from the part of cyprus that it occupies militarily
i have been human six days but only sometimes
two letters an l and an o now a worldwide force
the same for gps
third minorities must benefit from the protection of the law
La géométrie toroïdale a permis de construire un bâtiment très efficace .
you 'd be better off staying home
Pour reprendre les propos de mon collègue Schily , nous nous trouvons effectivement à un moment intéressant , un moment de jonction .
it is true that this concerns an issue of subsidiarity but the current problem is that some member states have such a poor economy that they are unable to finance the network
he has another son
is this not a system that is fundamentally wrong
Il a toutefois admis également qu' une bonne information du public était essentielle et que les voyageurs devaient être en mesure de prendre des décisions en connaissance de cause .
no we in the committee on industry are pleading for funds to be redeployed from the administrative budget for the benefit of the eit
i welcome the statement by the president - in - office
after all everyone knows about the traditional directions of german expansionism
on the other hand neither of these two principles - data protection on the one hand and public access to documents on the other - has absolute force or takes precedence over the other
Il ne fait aucun doute que , même aujourd’hui , ces conditions ne sont pas remplies .
Les jeunes sont davantage braqués sur l’ avenir ; ils ont peut - être une meilleure perception de leur propre avenir que les citoyens comme nous qui sont plongés dans la vie de tous les jours et dans les préoccupations politiques .
Il faut quelque chose qui fonctionnera quand on aura réglé le problème du réchauffement climatique . Je vous conseille vivement de penser au fait que nous devons faire quelque chose à propos de cette réalité des armes nucléaires inacceptable et inhumaine dans notre monde .
the report by mrs gomes is on the right track
no matter how long it takes i will finish the work
as the loans financed by the ecsc are over a five - year term it will grant no further loans as from 1998
L’ alternative est un monde dans lequel nous continuons à être les otages des pathologies du Moyen - Orient , un contexte qui permet aussi à Al - Qaïda d’ affermir son idéologie et son influence .
Cela procure une grande joie .
speaking on behalf of the commission i would like to state that it is not minded to accept amendments 22 and 23 on the grounds that they do not reflect the compromise reached between parliament and the council
the ecb president mr trichet has also pointed out that collecting data in the european union is problematic
that is also one of the aims of increased competition
you ca n't judge a person if you do n't know him well
well this must be the strangest thing i found
but let me make another suggestion
Il faut assurément prêter attention à la forme précise que le service européen pour l' action extérieure ( SEAE ) doit prendre .
in this context i am calling on the council to speed up its deliberations and to adopt common positions on the remaining legislative acts in the third maritime package on maritime safety
J' ai vu ceci et je suis juste , je suis impressionnée par ce potentiel de rassembler les voix du monde entier des voix indépendantes du monde entier , et de créer une vraie télévision démocratique et mondiale .
Je tiens simplement à relancer l’ idée de créer un label communautaire pour les produits fabriqués entièrement sur le sol européen . J’ estime qu’ il s’ agit là d’ une importante incitation à produire au sein de l’ UE .
( EN ) Monsieur le Président , en Irlande , nous sommes à la moitié d' une campagne de sensibilisation de 16 jours à la violence domestique .
the intergovernmental method will be complemented by the community method rather than being abolished which is perfectly reasonable given that the european union is a union of nations and a union of states
Il ne fait aucun doute que ces valeurs incluent le respect des droits de l’ homme .
so i do n't want somebody who 's saying hey i 've got a great idea in a business i know nothing about
À quoi êtes - vous bonne ?
Cependant , il n’ existe aucune preuve , en Grande - Bretagne ou aux États - Unis , que l’ électorat ait glissé à droite de telle manière .
Le rapport appelle de ses vœux la mise en place d' un cadre tendant à souligner le rôle d' intégration de la politique de cohésion ainsi que sa contribution au renforcement de la compétitivité mondiale .
Vous vous êtes vous - même présenté devant nous en commission et nous vous avons interrogé tout à fait spécifiquement à ce sujet .
Que d' énergie et de temps gaspillés à propos de cette affaire alors que nous aurions pu les consacrer à d' autres choses !
what was it about
extremely high stocking densities in intensive farming systems may increase the risk of disease spread and hamper disease control
Au niveau politique , les délégations du Parlement européen travaillent directement avec la Knesset israélienne et le Conseil législatif palestinien ( CLP ) .
Enfin , je vous demanderais de soutenir notre amendement 16 , dans lequel nous déclarons clairement désirer une évaluation juridique et académique de l' instrument que constituent les actions collectives .
london – i do n’t mean to sound as though i am bragging but the last time the conservative party won an election in britain was 1992 when john major was prime minister
that means the risk of carbon leaks will diminish and there really will be an increased chance of preventing climate change
Khota est devenu un gros mot . ça veut dire leur terrasse -- et on dormait dehors la nuit .
( HU ) Madame la Présidente , Madame la Commissaire , je me réjouis que le rapport adopte une position dénuée de toute ambiguïté concernant le soutien communautaire au projet Nabucco .
La mise en œuvre de ces politiques n' est pas une tâche aisée .
i am talking about the aviation agreement reached ten days ago between the us and european negotiators in brussels
it will scrutinise the functioning of the oil and petroleum markets in the european union and make suggestions for possible further policy action in the second strategic energy review later this year
Admettez que c' est beaucoup de choix .
Autrement dit , il y a dix ans , afin de faire face à certaines conditions , nous avons établi un programme , qui est à présent arrivé à son terme .
Nous devons mettre fin à cette situation de compromis édulcorés susceptibles d’ être interprétés de diverses manières .
thank you very much mr patten
Quand j' avais environ cinq ans , pas vraiment plus -- à peu près un an après que M. Ford fit ses prédictions -- je vivais au Canada , à la campagne , sur le flanc d' une montagne dans une zone très isolée .
C' est juste fascinant .
une vision sociale qui réponde aux nouveaux défis , tels que la mondialisation et le changement démographique ;
around 75 % of our plant protein is imported
i live in belarus and i take pride in this fact
Premièrement , un des objectifs principaux de l' aide à la production consiste à offrir aux cultivateurs d' olives un revenu approprié et à garantir un équilibre du marché .
harper lowered canada ’s sales and corporate taxes now well below america ’s and like cameron desires more rapid fiscal consolidation than us president barack obama
Monsieur le Président , Mesdames et Messieurs les députés , je vous remercie chaleureusement pour avoir l' honneur de m' exprimer devant vous ce matin .
Si vous vous placez devant le Wall - Mart ici et essayez de regarder vers le magasin Target par là vous ne le voyez pas à cause de la courbure de la Terre C' est la nature qui vous dit , à sa façon , que vous définissez mal l' espace .
OK . Excellent . Ca nous suffit . Bon ...
Monsieur le Président , chers collègues , le candidat proposé par le Conseil européen pour le poste de président de la Commission , M. Prodi , se trouve confronté à une situation qu' aucun président avant lui n' a connue .
Je vous remercie par avance du soutien de votre vote demain .
gender equality and women ’s empowerment which are essential to overcoming poverty and disease have made at best fitful progress with insufficient improvement in girls ’ schooling opportunities or in women ’s access to political authority
when i spoke to this parliament last month i set out what i saw as the greatest challenges and the great opportunities facing europe today
many meps are now on record as saying that if they had been given all the facts at the time they would have voted against discharge for those accounts last year
Vénus est pareille à l' enfer . Sa température de surface , telle une fournaise , s' élève à plus de quatre-cent-cinquante degrés Celsius .
at the g8 meeting in denver which was notable for the lack of any positive decisions as far as europe was concerned a notable event was a cowboy evening paying homage to the american world order
there is therefore an urgent need for action
Combien t' ont - ils donné de ta chignole ?
En tout cas , sur le plan institutionnel , c' est ma position .
throughout its long history centrifugal forces have often pushed the country into disarray and disintegration
i look forward to a strong commission proposal next summer
apms are currently being discussed both in the ottawa process and at the un disarmament conference
we ought to be able to find the gene for bipolar there 's a relationship
Enfin , la Commission songe à une politique de migration .
a woman told me there her mother used to tell her do n't wear panties dear underneath your pajamas
i endorse the recommendation of graham watson because it promotes moldova 's participation in several european community programmes and agencies to support the neighbouring country 's efforts to reform and modernise
as such this “ what if ” is a cautiously optimistic assessment of the downside risks stemming from weak external demand
Ce n' est pas l' espèce la plus forte qui survit , pas la plus intelligente , mais celle qui est la plus réactive au changement .
Regarde - moi !
Les mécanismes assurant la qualité et l' évaluation dont nous discutons ne sont rien d' autres que des mécanismes permettant à l' enseignement de répondre aux besoins des entreprises .
Cependant , quand disposerons - nous d' une proposition ?
En effet , après ajustement du déséquilibre entre les sexes , le taux de natalité effective de la Chine ( TNE ) est d’ environ 1,5 et celui de l' Inde est de 2,45 .
there are many inherited faults that can make it noisier
this is shoddy work and can not be taken seriously
Je suis ravi de pouvoir vous annoncer que nos services , parallèlement à des acteurs du secteur privé , ont travaillé sur des projets de qualité .
On l' appelle " Notre Choix " et l' auteur est Al Gore .
C' est un film sur Maya Gretel , une céramiste célèbre , professeur à Cranbrook .
Bien évidemment , je ne sous-estime pas le problème des fosses communes dont il est question ici , même si le nombre des victimes y est probablement nettement plus faible .
Il n' y a pas beaucoup de livres sur ces étagères .
it is an important decision especially as the eu is one of the biggest donors to this country in the caribbean region
Secret du métier .
La faiblesse persistante des économies avancées comporte le risque d’ une nouvelle poussée protectionniste .
i 've looked to see what is the relationship between higher commodity prices of exports and the growth of commodity - exporting countries
it is not true to say as some do that those in the additional category necessarily stay for shorter periods or face less serious problems in their country of origin
Réagir rapidement à une crise ou à une menace potentielle paraît difficile avec une chaîne de commandement aussi compliquée .
Je veux dire , la presse en Côte d' Ivoire était profondément divisée .
Le commissaire désigné Kallas semblait moins clair , mais je rappellerai à la Commission que le transport représente 25 % des émissions de CO2 et , en conséquence , qu' il est urgent d' agir sur ce problème .
À cause du typhon , l' école fut fermée .
we need to open our eyes and see that we are not victims
. Le XXIe siècle est celui des communications .
Toutefois , quel que soit son degré d' efficacité , tout accord doit faire partie d' une approche plus générale , où chaque région reconnaît sa responsabilité et prend des mesures fermes pour arrêter la destruction des forêts .
in the absence of any “ miracle ” cure the medium - term aim should be to renew and strengthen the framework for international economic and trade cooperation
students need to decide all right well does the height matter does the side of it matter
La mondialisation est là et la concurrence internationale est de plus en plus vive .
and why has sarkozy proved to be so resilient despite the often negative passions aroused by his personality
on support for a framework agreement in the former yugoslav republic of macedonia
there are resurrection themes in every society that has ever been studied and it is because not just only do we fantasize about the possibility of resurrection and recovery but it actually happens and it happens a lot
Le principal objectif de la communication de la Commission consiste à renforcer la compétitivité de l' économie européenne , conformément aux décisions arrêtées dans le cadre de la stratégie de Lisbonne .
Il a retiré ses vêtements .
the european commission should have greater authority to police these new rules since national governments have shown that they can not be trusted to do so
Le 4 octobre 1957 , ils lancèrent leur fusée .
to lodge an accusation the accuser must establish that some harm has been committed which is then shown to have been the fault of the accused
Il en a le devoir , il s' en est acquitté .
Il a dit : « Eh bien , je n' avais pas tellement une question , mais plutôt une suggestion . »
you walk in the door so the first thing you 've got to do -- the overall you know arc of your presentation -- it 's got to start like a rocket
it is pure selfishness
those who opt to work reduced hours should not be penalized in terms of career advancement
Dans le cadre des relations commerciales entre les deux partenaires , des intérêts agricoles offensifs et défensifs notamment sont en jeu .
- Monsieur le Président , je voudrais juste signaler - notamment à l’ attention de M. Swoboda - que ceci n’ est pas le dernier vote d’ aujourd’ hui .
Au royaume des aveugles , les borgnes sont rois .
Il expose de surcroît une perspective ciblée par pays , avec un condensé de l’ action de l’ Union dans son voisinage immédiat , en Afrique , en Amérique , en Asie et au Moyen - Orient .
Certains , dont la Commission , les évaluent à environ 20 milliards d’ euros par an .
it is therefore our intention to oppose any initiative seeking to open an interim procedure in this house as has been suggested
DH : Vous allez bien ?
thus i was merely repeating gossip which i feel i am entitled to do
furthermore we would of course appreciate it if the commission could get back to us here in parliament very quickly to let us know whether or not there is anything in these claims
and earlier this year there was a troubling incident where people who had made donations to rospil through a payments processing system called yandex money suddenly received threatening phone calls from members of a nationalist party who had obtained details about donors to rospil through members of the security services who had somehow obtained this information from people at yandex money
we are waiting for lasting instruments for joint solutions to deal with the influx of refugees unified standards in the field of asylum procedures
today the bulk of these issues have still not been addressed
Après tout , la passion que suscite la détresse des Palestiniens chez les citoyens égyptiens est une source dangereuse d' instabilité .
Comme elle l' a dit très clairement dans son intervention à laquelle je m' associe pleinement , nous ne pouvons pas revenir en arrière .
with the new test procedure it is foreseen that the existing additional allowances for certain vehicles or technologies will be abolished
i wo n't do that unless you want me to
there is there 's a third alternative
La gestion des ressources halieutiques mondiales doit être abordée partiellement dans le cadre des Nations unies et , dans le cas de la mer Baltique , entre les pays riverains .
Je crois qu' il s' agit du problème principal auquel nous sommes confrontés , le problème de qui prend les décisions en matière de politiques pour l' emploi .
and we 're going to fly around and we 'll fly around and you 'll see occasionally a couple of filaments intersect and you get a large cluster of galaxies
a journalist friend had been talking about this fish for a long time
so whilst these agents will not be permitted as additives indefinitely they will still be permitted for a limited period
we are entirely open to the idea and even keen to be subject to a form of banking supervision
Il n' a pas hésité à utiliser des armes chimiques contre les soldats iraniens pendant la guerre Iran / Irak dans les années 1980 et a gazé 5000 Kurdes dans la ville d' Halabja en 1988 durant la phase finale de la guerre .
fr the only reason we voted for the pse - verts / ale - gue / ngl compromise motion for a resolution is because this resolution allowed us to condemn the decision by the goodyear - dunlop management to close its factory in italy
that the elections were held at all – and without violent conflict between the country ’s north and south – is a remarkable achievement
On a parlé de plafonner la politique agricole commune et , pourtant , rien n' a été dit sur la manière dont nous allons procéder pour transférer les fonds du premier pilier au deuxième .
quote me an example
you are quite right
but there has to be a limit somewhere
Une DSI renforcée ne pourra à elle seule prévenir les corrections du marché auxquelles nous avons assisté ces dernières semaines .
Tu ne connais pas l' allemand , n' est -ce pas ?
Ce problème est étroitement lié à celui de l' énergie .
Je ne dis pas que nous ne devons pas être précis dans nos descriptions .
we also want to provide incentives for direct investment in nepal
Monsieur le Président , Monsieur le Vice - président , Mesdames et Messieurs , permettez - moi , en clôture de ce débat , d' ajouter deux observations .
Pour la première fois depuis l' effondrement de l' empire soviétique , le Kremlin disposera du soutien parlementaire .
yes we need an urgent revision of the gas security directive
C' est pour cette raison que nous nous opposons à la levée de l' immunité parlementaire de M. Camre .
On estime que 8 000 jeunes filles en sont victimes chaque jour .
well with that sort of advantage you can churn out a lot of cars
Cela se passera dans le futur ; nous ne pouvons être certains du résultat .
in accordance with the principle of subsidiarity the supervision and monitoring of the strategy should be the responsibility of local organisations
C' est un domaine pour lequel nous devons définir des règles précises fixant un cadre sans équivoque .
S' il te plaît , viens me chercher en voiture devant l' hôtel .
fi mr president baroness ashton this report is especially welcome because the european union must have a clear and consistent strategy for countries like iran
Depuis 1999 , année qui marque le commencement de cette approche , 84 études ont déjà été réalisées dans la Communauté , pour un montant d' environ 2 millions .
Néanmoins , je crois fermement qu’ il s’ agit là d’ une tâche devant faire l’ objet d’ efforts universels , déployés conjointement par l’ Europe et l’ Afrique .
Rires Ils ont fait une étude très importante , il y a quelque temps , au Séminaire de Théologie de Princeton : comment se fait - il , alors que nous avons tous tellement d’ occasions d’ aider , que parfois nous le faisons et parfois non .
Malgré cela , les États membres tardent à prendre une décision .
Personne ne met en doute leur droit de briser les rangs , mais nous devons nous demander si ce qui est légal est forcément légitime .
the lisbon declaration confirms this we will be setting up a partnership of equals
Ce n' est pas si curieux que ça : il n' y avait que 3 femmes sur les 16 membres de la Maison Blanche .
in the nineteenth century research at america ’s government - supported universities provided the basis for the agricultural revolution
finally why does the commission resist the proposal from the acp heads of government in fiji to enter an initial phase of negotiations on principles with the acp group as a whole
Il faut que vous soyez davantage patiente .
Nous pourrions également ajouter qu’ une dictature , son opposition nationale mise à part , craint également ceux qui pratiquent la liberté dans d’ autres pays .
J’ en veux pour preuve les discussions relatives au stockage des données de communication de tous les utilisateurs du téléphone et de tous les internautes ou aux données biométriques sur les passeports .
the 1997 budget procedure envisages a reduction of the payment appropriations for the structural funds just because of the underspend
state banks must provide 98 % of all financing for local companies
L' étiquette doit , surtout , présenter des termes , des signes ou des images attribuant au produit des caractéristiques et des fonctions réalistes , et non des caractéristiques ou des fonctions qu' il ne possède pas .
furthermore this has been preceded by disputes within the world trade organisation which have generated uncertainties and which have led to difficulties in its correct functioning for community producers
Le Parlement aurait tort de débouler dans la discussion comme un éléphant dans un magasin de porcelaine .
Les fondamentalistes religieux d’ Iran ne sont pas raisonnables .
on past experience many of them would come to britain britain is already swamped with immigrants and asylum seekers from the eu and beyond
Sur les 264 571 tonnes de substances dangereuses produites en 1999 , seul 0,12 % ont été transférés à l' étranger pour y être incinérés .
and why are they upset because they have nothing to do
on the other hand the union and its member states do not have coherent policies on africa and they often take a utilitarian or paternalistic approach to partnership
if the european union was not influential if it did not play a role in this crisis then i should like to know who did
for the first time we have seen druse sunni shia and christians demonstrating together
J’ aime de ne pas prendre les choses à la légère .
Le 25 mars 2010 , le Conseil européen décidait d' améliorer la gouvernance économique en lançant le groupe de travail sur la gouvernance économique , que j' ai eu l' honneur de présider .
La Commission tente d' obtenir autant d' informations et de réactions que possible , ainsi que de créer une base statistique concernant toutes les questions en matière de santé .
even just from egypt into israel there are some 600 immigrants said to be fleeing every month
i would like to take up the issue of public participation which mrs mann and mrs lucas have just mentioned
Pour ce faire , des besoins se font sentir en matière pénale et policière .
the aim is to provide a clear framework
we in the developed world live in democracies
En outre , il est important de signaler que le nombre des demandeurs d' asile dépend directement de la situation politique , économique et sociale dans leurs pays d' origine .
the time available to me is too short for detailed consideration of all the relevant points juan has made
Ils y sont confrontés chaque jour , avec la conditionnalité .
Cette montre est garantie un an .
i feel that as the european parliament we must support the commission when it takes rigorous rapid and explicit action
Il contribue ainsi à donner un véritable sens au mot " intégration " .
it was opposition to knee - jerk politics and to the writing of blank cheques for the future
Rien ne change dans les motifs : en 1992 , il fallait préparer le GATT , en 1998 , il faut préparer l' OMC .
L’ institutionnalisation des sommets annuels contribue à instaurer un dialogue et une coopération multilatérale dans des secteurs capitaux pour l’ avenir de l’ humanité , tels que la paix , la sécurité , l’ énergie , l’ environnement et le développement économique et social .
in the case of romania the proportion of rejected visa applications from romanian citizens has dropped from 16 % to 5 % between 2004 and 2008
if there are to be new seats of whatever kind we want them to go to the european union which will then appoint its representatives in the security council
Je vous remercie donc , Monsieur le Président .
De plus , une série d' amendements appellent des commentaires spécifiques .
Ce n' est pas le seul cas de ce type figurant dans le traité .
On est arrivé quelque part . On voit grand . "
C' est un gros problème .
this is particularly strongly visible in the case of countries like hungary the czech republic slovakia romania bulgaria estonia and spain but also in the case of poland slovenia lithuania and finland
Et l' effet est le suivant , quand les gouttelettes commencent à se former sur les bosses , elles restent en forme de perles sphériques compactes , ce qui signifie qu' elles sont bien plus mobiles qu' elles ne le seraient si c' était une pellicule d' eau sur toute la carapace du scarabée .
i did n't know you were such a wanker
Il ya chez nous aussi certains raisonnements qui réclament une mise au point .
but now i want to actually also question that
mr president ladies and gentlemen the polish people have special reasons for wishing turkey great success in the political and economic reforms it has embarked upon
second mr méndez de vigo recently tendered his resignation as parliament 's representative on the igc
Il semble pour l' instant ne pas y avoir de produit de substitution équivalent .
member of the commission - mr president what we are discussing now is an encouraging beginning to a long day rich in budgetary debates
the european council launched an ambitious strategy promoting a secure competitive and sustainable energy supply for europe
Les infirmières surveillent le malade nuit et jour .
La sécurité de l' approvisionnement énergétique de l' Irlande devient de plus en plus importante pour les consommateurs , les entreprises et les dirigeants , d' où la nécessité d' une interconnexion complète avec l' ensemble du marché européen de l' énergie .
is it not better to tighten up the existing system than spend billions of euros on equipment when it is known that the equipment does not detect explosives concealed inside the human body
Mais que s' est - il passé ?
so the family as the inner core of carderplanet was known came up with this brilliant idea called the escrow system
i will rapidly pick up the four points that have been raised in the debate the elections the future of our cooperation the intervention in the democratic republic of congo and finally the violence perpetrated in connection with agrarian reform
well she could not be more wrong
tom thinks this price is reasonable
Il y a une très bonne raison à cela .
i wish to thank the commission for its willingness to share this debate with parliament and at the same time for the visits undertaken to member states they are very necessary
Pour une personne dépressive , tout son être est sombre et insipide , et dépourvu d’ émotions humaines ordinaires telles que l’ attente , le plaisir et le sentiment que les choses ont un sens .
the eu has a pretty massive ethical responsibility to ensure that these european values spread
that will provide encouraging impetus for the work that still lies ahead of us
does the president - in - office of the council know of any similar or better legislation in other states
Ils ont perdu la guerre sur le front Est .
Cela signifie qu' à certains endroits , il n' y a pas d' eau .
this story does not make sense
Non seulement cela n' a pas mis un terme à sa carrière , mais cela a renforcé son image d'"autorité morale " .
Je voudrais que le commissaire nous dise exactement ce qu' il se passe , car nous n' avons rien entendu à ce sujet .
do not allow the balkan mafia to wreck the european union 's noble project
comme un petit frère dans la chambre d' une petite soeur .
but this is not some detailed administrative role
C' est pourquoi il est fondamental que nous mettions en place un réseau d' officiers de liaison .
Quelle distance y a -t -il d' ici à la mer ?
On ne peut pas en dire autant de Sarkozy , bien qu’ il proteste du contraire .
Et on s' est assis . Et à 14h30 on a mis un panneau sur le trottoir à l' extérieur où on avait marqué , " Soutien scolaire gratuit en anglais et en rédaction - Il suffit de rentrer , c' est gratuit . "
Voici la prémisse que j' ai commencé il y a 27 ans .
it is not up to me to assess your actions in paris because it is not up to me to discuss social imbalances or media policy that is for my counterparts in paris to discuss
who will control and utilize them
we got it through the committee on employment and social affairs and the committee on civil liberties justice and home affairs
this tea is good
Nous espérons des progrès rapides sur cet aspect , y compris sur la question du revenu minimum , afin que les personnes puissent vivre dans la dignité .
if one looks at petrol for example one sees that excise taxes in germany are different from those of holland and consequently dutch motorists cross the border and fill up their tanks in germany
in our view there is a need to put forward ambitious objectives and pragmatic specific measures with new and innovative approaches and more local and regional initiatives - all of which you have included in your report
mr prodi views the commission as a government for europe
this error occurs in at least three different proposals
the door is closing
if there is to be a european market there must also be european enterprises
the textile industry of the european union has embarked upon a long process of restructuring and technological innovation in response to the significant economic challenges that this sector has had to face in recent years
La tâche n' est pas finie et certains aspects doivent encore être étudiés .
they waved flags to welcome the princess
i have a friend who says that what distinguishes the intelligent from the unintelligent is their ability to tell the difference between the essential and the peripheral
why did n't i ask my attending why did i send her home
bear vasquez what does this mean
Je ne suis pas certaine de ce que tu pensais .
J' espère que cette Assemblée suivra ses conseils .
this regulation ensures that finally consumers in the european union will enjoy the same rights as millions of other consumers around the world albeit for a limited number of product categories
Même si les négociations s' arrêtent , les possibilités de maintien du dialogue ne seront pas épuisées .
Conformément à ses conclusions du 6 mars 1995 , le Conseil est d' avis que l' adhésion de Chypre à l' U.E. devrait entraîner plus de sécurité et plus de prospérité pour chacune des deux communautés de l' île .
it is increasing aid but it is trying to focus the benefits on countries that are reasonably well governed
there is no need to be an alarmist
Il n' est judicieux d' adopter une stratégie commune qu' à condition que celle - ci respecte pleinement les droits fondamentaux des citoyens , mais ce n' a pas toujours été le cas .
Nous avons besoin d' une coopération adéquate et d' une bonne défense contre ces menaces également .
but one aspect of this shining story is tarnished
there is the possibility of developing networks of trust
Le deuxième piège cognitif est la confusion entre le vécu et la mémoire : c' est simplement la différence entre être heureux dans sa vie et être heureux de sa vie , ou avec sa vie .
for although the surge was important two other factors played a critical role in bringing iraq back from the brink
it is right for us here in this house to draw attention to it
Le Japon avait procédé à l’ arrestation des militants , avant de les expulser rapidement , afin d’ éviter une confrontation prolongée avec la Chine .
we are naturally aware mr santer that in many areas the commission can only be as good as some member states allow it to be
he has marched so far actually that the chef who originally invented the dish does n't recognize it he 's kind of horrified
Cette tendance devra encore se renforcer par le biais de l' Agenda 2000 .
C' est aussi une question de sécurité juridique , et un signal important pour orienter les nouveaux investissements .
the igc mandate speaks for itself
that is why we have compensation for pain and suffering
we will do it by going to seven large countries and getting them to agree and launch it
many of us still wanted to believe that it was possible to avoid the war which we sensed would cause great devastation
well we got the answer on the 28th february 53
i therefore hope we can start again but the message we have given today is important
Au contraire , les Nations unies entrent en négociations avec le Hezbollah . Des négociations avec Al - Qaïda suivront sûrement .
Le dernier paiement doit ensuite être basé sur le calcul définitif des pertes directes et sur les mesures préventives adoptées à la suite de la catastrophe .
Leurs droits se sont affaiblis .
the agency is an important factor in securing the networks and the information society
C' est pourquoi je suis heureux - et j' y ai réfléchi longtemps - d' avoir participé à cette initiative et qu' une réelle méfiance se soit exprimée au cours du vote .
Je tins la conque à mon oreille et entendis l' océan à l' intérieur .
Autrement , l' utilisation prophylactique généralisée de ces substances - dont certaines sont des antibiotiques - pourrait bien dissimuler les problèmes d' hygiène existant dans les fermes et les entreprises .
i do run
i therefore agree with the text of the report and also call on the eu member states to continue to make life easier for business and ensure the free movement of services
the system is far too elaborate and does not work
C' est encore plus difficile quand l' héritage historique complexe nécessite sensibilité et tolérance tandis que les protagonistes sont déterminés à considérer toute concession comme une abdication .
Nous avons présenté des propositions à Israël visant à promouvoir l' amélioration de l' accès à Gaza .
Le Parlement a la possibilité de discuter de ces rapports quand il le souhaite .
we can not point to a lonely cassandra like robert shiller of yale university who regularly argued that house prices were unsustainable as proof that the truth was ignored
we must encourage russia to seek a sustainable solution to this endemic problem in the region
tomorrow i will be in berlin to participate in a coordination meeting between the food safety sector and the health sector together with the experts we have in place there
Dans l’ ensemble , je pense que cette proposition est acceptable , même si certaines de ses dispositions ne m’ enchantent guère .
Il est également primordial d’ établir le principe d’ un emprunt responsable , en mettant tout particulièrement l’ accent sur les obligations du prêteur et de l’ emprunteur .
- Je considère que l’ égalité entre les femmes et les hommes revêt une importance primordiale et j’ ai toujours condamné la discrimination fondée sur le sexe .
Révolte , agressivité violente , et pour certains , tendance à amalgamer dans un même rejet l' auteur des propos et tous ses semblables .
then came bollywood
for that reason it is very difficult to establish a non - discriminatory attitude towards eu aviation companies among the main owners of infrastructure in aviation namely airports
Mais l' interaction entre la théorie de l' évolution et la religion est bien plus complexe qu' une simple opposition ou un simple conflit .
Le principal problème est donc qu' il y a un grand trou quelque part .
Si le Hamas sort vainqueur , les alliés d' Abbas au sein des autres factions palestiniennes lui demanderont à ce qu' il soit intégré dans l' OLP , de même que le Djihad islamique .
the us should leave iraq quickly
taxation of energy products
Comme vous le savez , tout cela a de graves répercussions sur les revenus mais aussi sur la qualité et la viabilité des exploitations .
several factors appear to explain the nordic countries ’ economic success
whatever the rapporteur may think such an agreement does indeed exist between all the member states it is the one that was adopted by the council of europe on 20 april 1959
Calderón , c’ est la continuité , c’ est sans doute ce qui lui vaut la victoire , et c’ est ce dont a besoin le Mexique .
you should n't have eaten so much ice cream
Il a enseigné certains tours à son chien .
these have to do with the way in which the definition of cross - border flow is being changed to refer to regulated zones instead of to the borders of the member states
i have the impression that the funding pool which we have for erasmus and other programmes has remained the same for several years
members should consider the proposal for the next time around it may be complicated but it is a good idea
one can understand why religious extremists like al - qaeda and taliban would target her and the government claims that it is impossible to defend against a suicide attack
i believe that the charter on the rights of energy consumers will slowly but surely help to change the energy market which is something that we have been looking forward to for a long time
the content will unfortunately also be unlawful following the treaty of nice because the latter does not deal with supranational european parties
secondly these are not contemporary works which would attract the greatest interest but older ones which are in the public domain
Les difficultés actuelles de nos systèmes de protection sociale viennent avant tout d' un déficit de recettes dû au chômage , à la pauvreté , au vieillissement de la population et non d' un excès de dépenses .
likewise each of us knows that the ideologies of the past have failed to deliver in solving those needs on their own
Toutefois , je ne peux y souscrire qu' à condition que les délais soient respectés et que des ressources suffisantes soient mises à disposition par tous les partenaires dans le processus .
you can kind of do anything
we inject our own aerosols into the atmosphere and we have trace gases and not just carbon dioxide -- it 's methane ozone oxides of sulfur and nitrogen
Nous avons indiqué ce matin au cours du débat sur la décharge que ce Parlement entendait à cet égard pousser la Commission à oeuvrer pour une Commission plus propre .
therefore today 's debate is not only welcomed but also necessary for ensuring a good future and sustainable development
we need to enhance the legal advice we have as a parliament to support us through the conciliation and other procedures
Il est incroyablement idiot .
obviously it is going to have to be considered further when the treaty is ratified
Le gecko est un excellent exemple de nano - technologie dans la nature .
and what is the impact of specific distribution models
usually we do n't have a deadline where you have to get the miracle by a certain date
Il est encore ici .
i will badly miss you if you leave japan
J' aimerais commencer la présentation de mon rapport au sujet de la communication de la Commission par une remarque personnelle .
we therefore deplore the suspension of the wto negotiations and strongly urge the commission to come forward and fight for a settlement on the doha round in 2007
the success of europe ’s newly established science centers and festivals in reaching their potential audiences reflects their invention of a new way of teaching and learning
Bon , maintenant , laissez - moi vous montrer des dispositifs avancés .
and it is a fact that you can trigger spinal reflexes in dead people -- a certain kind of dead person a beating - heart cadaver
a driver was sleeping in the car
we can not use our resources any better than if we use them for the purpose for which they were created
À Stockholm , nous espérons pouvoir fixer le calendrier pour la libéralisation des marchés de l' électricité et du gaz .
Premièrement , il importe de rappeler que le Traité constitutionnel s' est imposé parce qu' il était nécessaire .
i would also like to take the opportunity to say something about uclaf 's role and functions
Monsieur Pimenta propose de créer une unité spécialisée dans un domaine particulier de l' environnement à commencer , par exemple , par les écosystèmes .
with a view to ratification of the energy charter treaty the council is also calling for the negotiations concerning the transit protocol to be completed
i ca n't open swf files
La musique est une des choses les plus étranges qui soit .
J' aimerais donner ceci à quelqu' un auquel nous pouvons nous fier .
however there are additional strategies open to our member states
Enfin , permettez - moi d' évoquer les liens avec la stratégie " Europe 2020 " .
C' est pourtant exactement ce qui se passe au Venezuela .
if on the other hand the rumours turn out to be unfounded we must remove the doubts for the sake of our credibility
Monsieur le Président , trop souvent , les autorités responsables de la politique régionale omettent d' exploiter les possibilités offertes par la culture comme source d' innovation et d' emplois .
C’ est à mon sens une merveilleuse possibilité de rapprocher encore un tant soit peu l’ Europe de ses citoyens grâce à un travail commun de relations publiques .
my parents made me go there
on amendment no 14
the poverty in the country has greatly encouraged the trafficking of women and that is another reason why it should also become part of the neighbourhood policy towards moldova
Il a péché contre .... un Brahmane .
are there universal laws
member states have not yet embarked on measures to prevent carbon dioxide emissions
third even if america under obama praises and even practices multilateralism americans are far from ready to accept the reality of a multi - polar world
they must not be permitted to decide games of utmost importance in an arbitrary manner that need never be explained to anyone
if we can get the audio up
Le second , quant à lui , vise à demander que le taux de jachère obligatoire soit reconduit au même niveau que les deux années précédentes , c' est - à - dire 5 % .
if something is to be done it should be done in such a way as to be completed within the lifetime of the present parliament and commission
there is no reason to block aid to its neighbours
only the human rights violations taking place outside the eu are criticised the eu 's own omissions and responsibilities are ignored
La définition et la prise des responsabilités individuelles revêtiront une importance clé à l' avenir , car la gestion et l' établissement du budget par activité se traduisent par une délégation descendante du pouvoir de décision .
the company provides them with uniforms
mr president after complimenting mrs karamanou and mrs klamt on their fine work i would like to make two comments one general and the other institutional in nature
beyond that i have very close cooperation with the commissioner for human rights of the council of europe who has been designated by his institution as the point of contact for all the ombudsmen within the council of europe
could you be more specific
La coopération énergétique revêt une importance stratégique .
perhaps economics departments are reorienting themselves after the great recession in a way similar to how they reoriented themselves in a monetarist direction after the inflation of the 1970 ’s
the iraq war also meant that america ignored the israeli - palestinian peace process
Ces faiblesses sont parfaitement identifiées , comme l' a indiqué la commissaire Reding , non seulement dans le rapport de la Commission d' avril 2011 , mais aussi dans ses rapports de 2005 et 2006 .
Les opposants à la peine capitale disposent également d’ arguments utilitaires .
Je veux entendre les valses de Brahms n' a pas écrites .
Il avait écrit une lettre .
La Commission peut soutenir sans réserve les amendements 2 et 11 , qui soulignent encore une fois à quel point il est important d' introduire le nouvel article 280 pour la protection des intérêts financiers communautaires .
Mais il n' a pas changé la limite supérieure des dépenses qui avait été décidée à Berlin .
Mon numéro de téléphone est le 789 .
and slowly that idea is leaking out to the cognitive sciences the human sciences economics et cetera
once this is fully up and running it will need to analyse all the production processes and see whether they can be improved
of the forestry that existed in west africa fifty years ago only about 13 % is still standing today
De plus , ce rapport réclame des obligations globales en matière d' information et de transparence pour les citoyens , le Parlement et la Commission .
" Vous êtes une grande actrice , et j' aime donner à mes acteurs . Pourquoi ne pas me montrer ce que vous voulez faire , vous . "
Je n' aurais pas dû m' y rendre seul .
where can i turn to as a citizen
Selon le rapport officiel , au cours des vingt prochaines années , la population musulmane augmentera de 35 % et passer de 1,6 à 2,2 milliards d' individus .
this is a matter i will bring to the attention of the working party formed by the general secretaries of the three institutions
D' où l' importance des initiatives dans ce sens lancées par l' Union européenne , le gouvernement , les autorités locales et la communauté en général .
a lot more can and should be done and the commission will watch these developments closely and contribute in whatever way we can
Madame la Présidente , chers collègues , je voudrais vous dire que dans le procès-verbal d' hier , mercredi 21 juillet , mon nom figure sous le groupe ARE .
Où as - tu appris le français ?
Elle se déplaçait avec grâce , telle une girafe dans la savane africaine , portant le drapeau sur son épaule et moi trottinant derrière ... ... sur la pointe des pieds , tenant le drapeau à bout de bras . Du coup , ma tête était juste sous ce satané drapeau .
is there anyone else around
Serait - il possible d' inclure à l' avenir des informations relatives à l' efficacité des politiques ?
the mere mention of the fall in life expectancy to 51 years gives an indication of the size of the disaster
i am glad the commission has recognised that in terms of the amendments it has accepted from parliament
when we have finalised our proposal on the new rules and decided on the most suitable legal form i will be happy to present our viewpoint to you
that house is for rent
B5 - 0333/2002 , déposée par les députés Messner et autres au nom du groupe Verts / ALE , au sujet du Népal ;
take the case of the french ambassador to britain
Monsieur le Président , je voudrais d' abord féliciter Saïd El Khadraoui d' avoir trouvé un compromis mais , il ne faut pas se le cacher , ce texte est fragile .
new programmes specifically to support the textile industry are not the way
L' utilisation des produits de la biotechnologie se fait non seulement en fonction de critères scientifiques , mais aussi dans le but de satisfaire la nécessité de faire circuler les capitaux engagés et d' engranger des gains .
L' efficacité énergétique est le moyen le plus rentable de réduire les émissions et de diminuer notre dépendance aux importations d' énergie .
failure to choose this very regional policy this new cohesion policy as the spearhead of communication with citizens would be a missed opportunity for the union
this is what accounting in the european union should not become
it is methodologically correct to review and update the content of conventions as has been done on this occasion
Dans une société intellectuelle , ce rapport est de 427 contre 1 .
my generation has not seen a single day of peace
Si la MINUK s' en va maintenant et que nous ne parvenons pas à combler le vide laissé par l' absence de résolution du Conseil de sécurité , nous serons confrontés à une situation désespérée .
C' est dur d' arrêter de fumer .
On voit de mieux en mieux que le monde ressemble en fait , pour nous Européens , beaucoup plus à l' Europe du 19e siècle .
the italian presidency can continue to make a fine contribution as it has done up to now to the great commitment to make europe a political union and not just a monetary union
this vision and these principles have not remained purely declarations of intent because the african peer review mechanism henceforth gives africa a unique tool for the support of africans by africans
Il se peut qu' une proposition promise arrive avec un mois ou deux de retard , mais en ce qui me concerne , les délais sont toujours respectés à la lettre .
these points have already been mentioned but i would like to emphasise them
we can not morally cover up the past
Par - dessus mon cadavre !
she 's completely crazy about him
Eh bien , ce que je ne savais pas , et ce que nous avons découvert c' était - ces gars - là , ils ne peuvent même pas se parler dans ces conditions .
that is without even mentioning the pressure exerted on the supporters of the nunca màs project who are fighting to keep the memory of these atrocities alive
he 's very sexy
it 's because we know when we 're playing a game that we 're actually happier working hard than we are relaxing or hanging out
Je ne m' attendais pas à ce que vous vous montriez ici .
Je n' aimerais pas faire juge .
La prévention des accidents serait meilleure si nous connaissions mieux les causes des accidents .
they even still speak luxembourgian there
the problems which the programme experienced in the initial phase are now behind us
C' est exact et cela a amené le Fonds monétaire international à considérer que le Kenya n' est plus « sur la bonne voie » .
at the same time countries like india feel that the us along with europe have been on both sides of “ free ” and “ fair ” trade – but always from a narrow nationalistic perspective
commissioner figeľ is committed to this aspect and takes it very much into account
J' aimerais remercier le rapporteur , M. Liberadzki , pour sa contribution positive dans la préparation du rapport .
Il s' agit de très gros prêts qui sont soi - disant utilisés pour servir la politique de l' UE à l' étranger et le contribuable , qui est l' ultime garant , a le droit de connaître les bénéficiaires de ces prêts .
Dans ce document concernant l' application , le financement / cofinancement devrait être particulièrement mentionné dans les domaines suivants :
Dans ma perspective , je pensais que c' était une tellement bonne idée et ça n' a absolument jamais été utilisé , et finalement -- je crois que maintenant on l' a enlevé si je me rappelle correctement .
he shrank back in the face of danger
but the dependence of the whole structure on continually rising house prices was rarely made explicit
as for the ultimate objectives of the managerial profession they are as we have seen nothing less than “ to create sustainable economic social and environmental prosperity worldwide ”
private sector investment in research is lower than the socially optimum level
but how will that role develop
einstein was fond of this idea
does an election produce an accountable and legitimate government
i should like to thank the chairs of the political groups most sincerely for keeping to time and for conducting the debate so well
so that 's what made me enter the college of arts after three attempts and just continue to inquire what i really want to do with art work or art and finally i 'm here in front of you
between 10 and 20 april next the fate of this elephant will once again feature on the agenda of the world community
ambulance drivers in basra paid to “ clean the streets ” before people go to work pick up many more bodies of women every morning
Je suis en plein en train de faire quelque chose .
we need to tackle the issue of security as a broad concept like peace in europe or peace in the world
De plus , au sujet de la suppression de la phase initiale d' augmentation des taux minimaux , pour laquelle on avait prévu initialement la date du 1er janvier 1998 , il est opportun de relever que l' échéance a été largement dépassée .
Heureusement , la Knesset a entériné les accords hier soir . Mais , hélas , cela ne suffira pas à instaurer la paix .
do not complain that the union
i would also caution the commission against amending the structural fund regulations at the expense of sustainability and the partnership principle which are enshrined in it
has to decided to enter eur 500 000 against item 2727 organisation and reception of groups of visitors euroscola programme and invitations to opinion multipliers from third countries
unfortunately the resolution does not take account of that
it is midway between your initial proposal and the council 's proposal
there are various initiatives which we could comment on if we had the time
Tout a été filmé par la caméra vidéo située à l' avant de la voiture de police .
commission vice - president brittan we recently received a visit from nobel peace prize winner wole soyinke
La mégère est un personnage courant dans les scandales publics chinois .
above all do n't tell a lie
are you just going to stand there all day
Toutefois , le gouvernement espagnol doit bien avoir une opinion sur la question de savoir s' il faut limiter , par exemple , la possibilité qu' ont les citoyens espagnols d' habiter dans un autre État membre de l' Union .
all references to a privileged partnership should be deleted for the objective of the negotiations is that a reformed turkey should become a member state
mr verheugen can now indeed look back on the difficult task he has now largely brought to a successful end with a feeling of relief
Les monuments historiques y sont partout terrassés par des bulldozers , au nom du développement .
Même si , à l' époque , ils n' avaient qu' un million de dollars de chiffre d' affaires annuels .
precisely to ensure that this does not happen it is recommended that anyone receiving this income is also able to provide some hours of work for the benefit of the community
Mais c' est difficile . Malheureusement , la glace est épaisse .
Usant du chantage , les États - Unis menaçaient de soumettre les exportateurs européens à une lourde procédure de certification .
par écrit . - ( PT ) Aujourd'hui nous avons adopté la recommandation pour la deuxième lecture relative à la position commune établissant un cadre d' action communautaire dans le domaine de la politique pour le milieu marin .
but that opportunity too was thrown away
Les frontières sont plus sécurisées , et les sociétés plus déterminées .
it must also be said that the different facets of the european union are without a shadow of a doubt very concerned and are monitoring this situation very directly and very closely
businesses need a dynamic environment that will stimulate this economic activity
Le pétrole et les autres ressources naturelles obligeront - ils le Ghana , l’ un des principaux producteurs de cacao , de café et d’ huile de palme , à tourner le dos à l’ agriculture ?
Le problème réside également dans le fait que les dirigeants albanais ou ceux qui se considèrent comme tels ne sont pas en mesure de réellement construire ensemble l' avenir de leur patrie , et nous devons donc leur lancer un appel .
Songez à la vague de meurtres macabres commis sur les intellectuels indépendants il y a environ un an et demi . Songez également à la répression impitoyable des manifestations étudiantes de l' année passée .
Surtout , ce genre de propositions ne sert qu' à masquer provisoirement les vrais problèmes , et à différer les solutions efficaces .
Insister pour que la preuve publique soit produite apporte la garantie contre l' utilisation paranoïaque du droit de se défendre par tout individu et contre la manipulation politique des dirigeants nationaux .
Monsieur le Président du Conseil européen , cela ne vous concerne pas , et ce pour des raisons évidentes !
this recovery plan offers the necessary policy framework for decisive and ambitious action
well a sermon wants to change your life and a lecture wants to give you a bit of information
Nous avons rappelé les pourcentages d' anomalies que nous avions signalés il y a deux ans et l' an dernier dans ce contexte .
par écrit . - ( EN ) Il existe de nombreuses façons de faire en sorte que les attitudes fiscales dans toute l' UE puissent servir à générer une série de meilleures conclusions pour la stratégie de Lisbonne .
Nous devons être pleinement conscients que de sérieux progrès ont été enregistrés dans plusieurs domaines , auxquels M. Antonione a fait référence .
En novembre 2010 , la Commission a présenté une proposition de directive établissant un cadre juridique européen pour la gestion du combustible usé et des déchets radioactifs .
Mesdames et Messieurs , nous ne concevons pas la Convention comme une bataille entre partis et à cet égard , je tiens à signaler que M. Berlusconi a déclaré dans " Le Monde " du 12 janvier que nous étions partisans de tout centraliser .
but cheap prices for the performing arts do not solve the thorny problem of access for youth
Bien sûr , nous soutenons la mesure prise en 2007 dans le processus d' intégration , la " charte de l' ANASE " .
now that the machinery we work with the information society is crying out for content russian content production could diversify and enrich content production in europe which is engaged in global competition
a balance must be found between the principle of transparency and the confidentiality necessary for dialogue between the commission and the member states
Ce vélo est à moi . Le tien est là - bas .
my ignorant arrogant coarseness my secret pride my turning away
Je suis étonné que le commissaire se préoccupe plus de la libéralisation commerciale que des bonnes pratiques agricoles .
Ceux qui sont oubliés , ceux qui sont en colère , ceux qui ne participent pas . La mondialisation n' a pas touché tout le monde .
C' est une recommandation et si elle ne passe pas , je suis en faveur de l' adoption des trois amendements .
that is by the way not a personal criticism of the commissioner we are very satisfied with her work in other areas
this is one way of making globalization work to benefit those in need
it was hot i could n't stand it any longer
so thank you so much
i believe he is competent
but i doubt very much indeed whether a european works council would have been able to change this company 's decision
L' heure exacte sera communiquée plus tard .
Le premier concerne l' interdépendance étroite qu' il doit y avoir entre les politiques économiques , de l' emploi et de sécurité sociale en termes directement proportionnels .
L ’ d’ Irlande du Nord a indiqué que près de la moitié des groupes auteurs de crime organisé étaient impliqués dans la criminalité liée à la propriété intellectuelle .
i want this suit cleaned
i want to ask them when their big day is
the most important thing and this is something which was also often mentioned at the hearings during yours too commissioner kinnock is the question of responsibility
Ca voulait dire que c' était des métastases de quelque part .
and in the dessault - augusta affair it has since become very clear that he knew of an illicit fund
Ça devient plus chaud de jour en jour .
it uses problems generated by capitalist development such as climate change and energy questions as new pretexts for its imperialist interventionism and to improve its position over its global imperialist competitors
En revitalisant et modernisant le système financier du Japon et en évinçant les politiciens de ce système , Koizumi entendait relancer l’ économie japonaise .
a few years ago a university student asked me what is the greatest surprise in your life
Monsieur le Président , le texte du rapport fait référence au projet de traité d' Amsterdam qui a ensuite été modifié à la signature finale .
L' objectif est de créer un réseau d' experts dans le domaine ainsi que des équipes aptes à réagir en cas d' urgence informatique .
Et j' ai dit , " Attends un peu . "
Le jour de mon 27e anniversaire , j' ai décidé , parce que j' avais tellement discuté , toujours et encore , que j' allais arrêter de parler pendant une journée -- une journée -- pour me reposer .
finally we come to the lotteries
the last time an american government tried to ensure a balanced budget in the face of a recession was over seventy years ago during the presidency of herbert hoover at the outset of the great depression
Ma mère se lève toujours plus tôt le matin .
by identifying squarely with the military - security apparatus headed by ahmadinejad khamenei has alienated an important segment of the ruling clerical elite
La Commission a déclaré qu’ il était inutile qu’ elle se penche sur la transposition des règles dans la législation du Royaume - Uni , puisqu’ elle estime que le pays collabore pleinement aujourd’hui .
and as it comes to shore and the wind blows and little droplets of the water get into the air the emergency rooms of all the hospitals fill up with people with acute respiratory distress
Ne posez pas de questions .
En toute honnêteté , je ne pense pas qu' il s' agisse d' un système très équitable parce que l' on relâche certains des criminels les plus impitoyables .
À cette fin , 2010 a été désignée Année européenne de lutte contre ce fléau dans le but de renforcer l' engagement politique de l' UE et de prendre des mesures ayant un impact décisif sur l' éradication de la pauvreté .
De nombreux nouveaux développements dans l’ ensemble de cette région ont été déclenchés en conséquence de la crise économique , et de l’ apparition sur la scène géopolitique d’ un nouvel acteur , la Chine ( un planificateur à long terme ) .
Sur tous ces points , M. Corbett a vaillamment tenté d' avancer et cherché un compromis .
Les fabricants , eux , l' ont vendue , ce qui leur a également profité .
Ce serait une erreur très grave .
thank you for your answer
therefore tomorrow we would be very much in favour of postponing by a month acceptance of the report that contains the part about coaches and deal with it later in june when it is fully ready
J' espère que nous pourrons avoir de meilleurs retours sur la question pour 2010 .
and what these shrimp are trying to do is actually harvest the bacteria from the backs of these animals
Monsieur le Président , bien que l' Espagne , mon pays , ait mis 20 ans de plus pour parvenir à la pratique du commerce équitable , durant ces cinq dernières années , il a connu une croissance de 100 % .
there are microbes out there that actually make gasoline believe it or not
ro the entry into force of the treaty of lisbon has ensured the european union 's accession to the european convention for the protection of human rights and fundamental freedoms
the united states can not carry on closing their borders when faced with the urgency of the elections or ignore the wto agreements when the european union poses them problems
Autres défauts de conception : des retards dans le versement des bourses , un manque de coordination générale ainsi que l' absence de véritables structures de contrôle et d' évaluation , la complexité des programmes en étant la raison principale .
Et j' aimerais vous quitter sur ces pensées .
i am sure this is of interest to a number of members and there will be a few members who want to look at it
a page was created
privatization has stalled
as described this situation has given rise to a basic and commonly accepted conclusion
Le FMI est intervenu sans délai en apportant 10 milliards de dollars .
La question primordiale aujourd'hui pour une société de l' information dans laquelle le commerce électronique assume une dimension inimaginable consiste à placer d' urgence les principaux blocs économiques du monde et leurs capitaines d' industrie respectifs dans le champ d' un grand consensus planétaire .
Et je conclurai avec un autre exemple du genre avec les illusions auditives .
En bref , pour faire face aux défis futurs , il est primordial que nous investissions davantage dans l' éducation .
L' Afrique du Sud où se sont produits au cours des dernières années des changements fantastiques qui méritèrent nos applaudissements et que nous avons vécu avec la plus grande émotion .
i 'll give you anything but this
Une fille s' est noyée dans la mare hier .
they thought that no votes would be taken before 6 p.m.
the governments of the member states each acted on their own behalf offering a pitiful spectacle to the world and the people that we should be helping
dh where barry where tell us barry
ca well bill i suspect i speak on the behalf of most people here to say i really hope your wish comes true thank you so much
tom gave them a general idea of what he wanted
i do not however consider the attitude the present government has shown up to now to be justifiable
but interest rates on us treasury securities are very low and are not rising
i wish it would happen more often
Cette page des changements récents est aussi diffusé sur des canaux IRC , qui est un canal de discussion sur internet auquel les gens peuvent accéder avec de nombreux logiciels différents .
as is obvious the crisis is having a severe impact on the health sector in a number of member states in terms of both supply and demand
C' est un droit susceptible d' être déposé qui accorde une protection exclusive aux innovations techniques présentant un certain degré de nouveauté .
Je voudrais souligner certains aspects concernant l' importance des investissements dans les infrastructures .
Un innovateur est celui qui ne sait pas que quelque chose n' est pas faisable .
when a senior defense expert recently testified before a us congressional commission on china 's military capability he detailed the extraordinarily robust weapons program the people 's liberation army pla has been pursuing
Les milieux locaux et régionaux les moins favorisés doivent donc créer , avec l' aide de toute l' Union , un environnement favorable à la prise d' initiatives et à l' innovation .
La culture devrait , dès lors , faire partie intégrante du large éventail d' actions que comprend la politique étrangère de l' Union .
the candidate is running for mayor
Voilà les bases sur lesquelles pourra se fonder une société axée sur l' innovation et sur l' industrie .
so i guess that 's my brand
Voilà un cratère géant . Les géologues adorent les cratères , parce que les cratères , c' est comme de creuser un grand trou dans le sol sans vraiment se fatiguer , et on peut voir ce qu' il y a sous la surface .
Nous devons appuyer franchement sur l' accélérateur .
Pour veiller à ce que cela ne reste pas une coquille vide , je pense que nous devons faire confiance aux autorités locales et aux représentants élus de ces villes .
this one obviously was made out of half a starbucks cup with a stamp and my home address written on the other side
Des courriels révèlent également que les scientifiques qui mettaient en doute cette hypothèse se sont vus évincés des processus d' évaluation par les pairs pour éviter que les lacunes de cette recherche ne soient mis à jour .
Les arbres , qui portent des fleurs peu intéressantes , n' essaient pas vraiment d' attirer les insectes .
so in many studies of prices one puts them aside
that is what we are aiming at
Tout le monde sait que chaque fois qu' un seul cabillaud plein de laitance ( c' est - à - dire d' œufs de poisson ) est pris , ce sont toutes les futures générations de cabillaud qui sont capturées .
Je me demande comment elle va s’ y prendre , exactement .
Voici un écolier de onze ans .
Dans ce contexte , la conférence européenne qui est prévue est un forum important .
are there no limits or does today ’s china conceive of itself as a restored middle kingdom to whom the entire world must kowtow
i want you to go to the post office
i feel that sanctions are only right when they affect the people responsible
it is not simply a step towards liberalising services making life far easier for european service providers
you 're going to open an offshore plant in china you 're going to spend it all on sales and marketing you 're going to go to tahiti or whatever out there
on the commission 's discharge i support the granting of a discharge
and i have to say many of them now in the professional orchestras throughout the world
margaret evans a british researcher studied tributes people left for diana after her death and found that some referred to her as a saint or an angel and a few compared her directly with jesus
Nous devons également nous souvenir de notre propre contribution .
in 2004 there were only two flights two russian soyuz flights to the international manned station and i had to fly three in mojave with my little group of a couple dozen people in order to get to a total of five which was the number the same year back in 1961
so you can get kind of a feel for this
i ask the commission once again to ensure that these national management declarations are signed by the relevant minister or a minister from the national government
Il s' agit d' une directive présentant un intérêt et qui est très importante .
i hope mr president that you will be intent on refusing this option afforded to you by the socialist group and the group of the european people 's party christian democrats to which you belong
enter the blackstone group
Qui se soucie de savoir que le niveau des dépenses est sans aucun rapport avec les priorités politiques et les obligations de l' Union européenne ?
i am going to see the dentist tomorrow
however there is something we can control which is solidarity among our member states
J' exprime mes félicitations à l' adresse de mes collègues pour le travail qu' ils ont effectué . Qu' ils soient certains de mon soutien demain .
Projet de budget général de l' Union européenne pour l' exercice 2011 tel que modifié par le Conseil ( vote )
i opened the door and saw two boys standing side by side
S' opposer à cette directive n' aurait aucun sens , parce qu' alors ces pratiques continueront , tout simplement .
action plan for the single market
Cela a entraîné un renforcement des règles et des procédures administratives qui , à leur tour , ont provoqué des difficultés majeures dans la participation à des appels d' offres européens .
- Monsieur le Président , je crois que nous sommes tous plus ou moins d’ accord avec ce que le président Barroso vient de dire .
the environmental action programme is challenging
Quand enverrions - nous 300 000 hommes dans les pays pauvres pour lutter contre les maladies ?
i am worried about the increasing degree to which the parliaments in europe and the american parliament and american opinion seem to be growing apart
Tout comme vous , je pense que la question de la mise en œuvre est ici décisive .
Les agriculteurs des pays en réévaluation pourraient par la suite recevoir des compensations issues des économies réalisées .
Une discussion abstraite sur les risques du changement climatique ne suffit pas .
the exemption of small shopkeepers also displays common sense
how does she know that
the document presented in thessaloniki turns its back on such a prospect and gives us an apocalyptic description of the threats without ever examining their causes in any depth
the commission ’s role should be to coordinate not to dictate
Je n' y suis jamais allé en personne .
the recent financial crisis has illustrated the need to analyse issues related to pay policies of company directors
En réalité , les institutions de comités sont souvent des solutions qui sont adoptées précisément lorsqu' on refuse d' affronter un problème ou qu' on ne dispose pas de la capacité , du pouvoir , de la base juridique pour l' affronter .
we have serious reservations about allocating too much responsibility to uclaf in this respect when we look at the bösch report which described the situation of uclaf clearly enough
En sachant que nous n' allions pas en mettre une cinquantaine dans nos caves pour stocker l' énergie , nous sommes allés voir un groupe à l' Université du Texas à Dallas , et nous leur avons donné ce diagramme .
she sat next him wishing she were somewhere else
100 millions d' enfants qui sont scolarisés , mais ne savent pas lire , 125 millions incapables de faire des opérations de base .
Ce sac noir est-il à vous ?
let us openly admit that the decision taken by certain european union member states to recognise that country was a fatal mistake
i call the sys admin force your mom 's military
En ce qui me concerne , le débat sur l' article 296 peut être rouvert .
Les Américains ont une longue histoire de mauvaise appréciation quant à leur propre puissance .
Mais dans un classement des dépenses consacrées à la Rampamp;D en pourcentage du PIB , ils n' étaient que 8 ° ( avec un taux de 2,9 % ) .
because american orchestras ca n’t count on schools or government to provide the basic music education necessary to ensure a continuing audience for classical music some orchestras are doing it themselves with private money
La gamme de moyens dont dispose l’ Union européenne doit être étudiée de manière approfondie , y compris la définition de politiques communes en matière d’ immigration légale .
nigeria has never held successful civilian - run elections
Nous voudrions également souligner que la prévention représente la manière la plus efficace d’ améliorer la santé publique .
À mesure qu' une entreprise grandit , elle est amenée à devoir remplir des exigences qui ne s' adressaient pas à elle en tant que micro-entité , et la liberté de choix laissée aux États membres dans ces circonstances affaiblit le marché intérieur .
Les deux frères sont d' apparence plutôt dissemblable .
Nous en parlerons demain .
Or , ce système pose de trop nombreuses contraintes .
many people especially here in parliament have proposed that we should use an open forum similar to the convention that drew up the charter of fundamental rights last year
on one hand they can decide to let politics dominate economics
i am also concerned at the announcement that we will have to wait until june 2005 for a full information strategy
Nous voyons ici le golfe du Mexique , ses eaux étincelantes et poissonneuses .
as with other countries to which the commission has proposed to give mfa the economy of bosnia and herzegovina has been seriously affected by the current economic and financial crisis
Le Conseil souligne toutefois qu' il est important de prévoir une marge suffisante , dans la limite des différents plafonds fixés lors de l' adoption du budget .
it has got to be done by better policing and better work between member states
Le passager a le choix entre les tarifs Pex , SuperPex , » européens » , économiques , économiques sans restriction de validité , » affaires » , etc. Acheter un billet d' avion devrait être simple , direct .
mr markov devoted a lot of time to this directive but along with all of us he was aware as mrs sommer said that this directive was under serious threat
mrs bauer is making waves and her arguments for starting on a review of anti - discrimination laws are convincing
De nombreuses personnes soulignent que peu de sociétés musulmanes sont démocratiques et concluent que l' Islam doit donc être par essence antidémocratique .
we turned the whole of europe upside down for one ridiculous little package and introduced packaging regulations for it
this morning now the united nations secretary general has been given the backing of the security council for his mission to baghdad we all wish him every success
Je réside avec mon oncle pour le moment , mais plus tard j' emménagerai dans un petit appartement .
Ces interactions ont déjà un impact sur les politiques de l’ Union européenne , phénomène qui se poursuivra dans l’ avenir .
Dans le cadre de ces plans de surveillance , il faut vérifier le respect des plafonds fixés à l' échelle communautaire pour les substances précitées .
Ce dossier s' inscrit dans la procédure prévue , à savoir la décharge , qui sera à l' ordre du jour en décembre .
rb well i hope it 's net actually having -- -- i 've got it right
moreover there is no prospect of anything like a rapid return to normal levels
the scope of this regulation is therefore very broad
Je ne suis pas sûr d' avoir le temps de vous montrer d' autres environnements .
Puis - je le faire immédiatement ?
that is only partially true
Avant de poursuivre le vote , madame Izquierdo Rojo me demande la parole .
i have to ask my colleagues and all the other groups who agreed through their coordinators in committee that we reject this proposal from the verts / ale group and that we have the final vote tomorrow
of course nobody does
C' est pourquoi la série de propositions sur la gouvernance économique dont le Parlement européen débat actuellement est particulièrement importante .
the main idea in his speech was unity
tell me where are the eastern borders of europe
Il a dit cela avec dignité .
but the west – and the us in particular – is new to dignity games à la chinois
par écrit . - ( EN ) J' ai décidé de voter pour le rapport Alain Lipietz sur le commerce et le changement climatique lors de la mini séance plénière de novembre à Bruxelles .
( EN ) Monsieur le Président , le budget 2010 est loin d' être généreux - tout comme n' importe quel autre budget .
Selon la NASA , si Apophis entrait en collision avec la terre , le choc pourrait relâcher 100 000 fois plus d’ énergie que l’ épisode Tunguska .
a un security council resolution denouncing north korea ’s brutal attack on the cheonan must be an essential part of any international diplomatic response
the bottom line is that social security ’s long - term funding difficulty while real is projected to be much smaller and much further in the future than any of the nearer larger and more significant fiscal problems currently facing the us government
there is already a european system for controlling the air space with eurocontrol and there is already a body the central flow management unit based in brussels
and my father said ok listen
Nous souhaitons que ces femmes évoluent dans une situation légale et obtiennent des contrats de travail dignes qui les protègent de l' exploitation .
a considerable stumbling block is the fact that the regions and other operators find it impossible and are incapable of making plans in time
so another thing the robot can do is it remembers pieces of trajectory that it learns or is pre - programmed
En effet , ce dernier volet de la politique de modernisation rencontre une vaste opposition du Parti communiste chinois , qui n’ a aucun intérêt à céder le monopole du pouvoir .
the important thing is that the fed ’s policy crossed the bridge from indifference to re - assurance
regrettably the issue of international trade is often missing from such debates thus leading to the search for solutions which ignore the positive potential that increased world consumption can have
Cela nécessite un climat stimulant pour les entrepreneurs , auquel la stratégie de Lisbonne peut contribuer si on la met en œuvre délibérément .
Et ce n' est là que l' aspect militaire du maintien de la paix .
Mon jugement est favorable et concerne l' accord dans son ensemble , accord qui constitue sans aucun doute un progrès .
but the main characteristics of romantic love are craving an intense craving to be with a particular person not just sexually but emotionally
Cette nouvelle relation de pouvoir entre les éditeurs et le peuple pourrait donner naissance à un autre modèle , au potentiel bien plus fort , et puissant , que le journalisme traditionnel .
C' est pourquoi j' étais déterminé à m' opposer aux personnes qui , au sein de ce Parlement et du Conseil , voulaient affaiblir cette proposition de la Commission .
L' usage de la force , y compris l' intervention militaire , ne doit être autorisé que dans des cas exceptionnels et dans le strict respect du droit international .
as long as discriminatory actions of this kind continue to exist in countries seeking union membership they can be seen as a measure of the extent to which a constitutional state has been established
Une des options à cet égard est le budget communautaire , y compris les dotations destinées à la recherche , qui pourraient finir par être encore un autre moyen de soutenir les pays les plus développés , exacerbant ainsi les inégalités .
how is that
Nous aurons besoin à cette fin de nouvelles manœuvres d’ approche et de prises de position , en ce compris de téméraires , dans le débat sur la politique climatique .
indeed it is hard to see who actually gains from the cap
La répression brutale de ces derniers jours pourrait signifier que les Chinois ont pris leur décision , et si cette décision est extrême elle débouchera sur une tragédie .
according to the just five of the emission allowance allocations published by the member states for the next phase fulfil the main criteria
now not just the international atomic energy agency but all five permanent members of the un security council unanimously acknowledge that iran ’s nuclear programme is not of a peaceful nature
the proposal will in any case have consequences for budget headings 3 and 2 of the new financial perspective for 2007 - 2013
that mechanism is broken beyond repair
Ces progrès doivent être poursuivis au travers de la législation , d' objectifs et de directives .
au nom du groupe PSE . - ( EN ) Comme vous le savez , l' Union européenne défend actuellement Airbus dans une affaire portée devant l' OMC par les États - Unis au nom de Boeing .
i put my hand on his shoulder
a final word on iraq
by contrast the dsm-5 proposes to eliminate the bereavement exclusion
Mettez à disposition tout l' argent nécessaire .
in some countries it is as much as 10 %
the liquor gave off a sickly odor
the european union must be able to intervene in order to maintain peace and security both inside and outside its borders
they named their son john
in britain these administrative standards are contained within a citizens charter and this is a model which the commission could well study and emulate where appropriate across europe
S' agissant du code de conduite de l' UE en matière de vente d' armes , ce code couvre-t-il déjà une liste commune d' équipements militaires ?
Jack est difficile à convaincre .
although as i am keen to remind you the european food chain is one of the world 's safest we deemed it necessary to take steps to improve traceability and labelling
Ces bandits ne craignent aucune forme de violence .
Les premières conversations à propos de cette charte ont déjà débuté et je suis convaincu que nous pourrons nous mettre d' accord sur la suite de la procédure au cours du Sommet de Cologne .
Ton école est-elle loin de ta maison ?
we are 12 billion light years from the edge
Nous ne voulons pas d' un deuxième Tchernobyl .
the integration of the new member states has to be completed just as the rapporteur said in his opening speech
Le terrorisme se développe parce qu' il y a instabilité du fait de conflits internes .
but he says that this makes perfect sense because gamers can achieve more in online worlds than they can in real life
firstly it would be far too expensive because the certification process for new seed types is long and costly
Il est bon de mener des débats dignes de ce nom avec nos amis russes sur toutes les questions qui nous inquiètent au sujet de la gestion du pays par les autorités russes .
J' ai voté en faveur de la Commission Barroso II pour deux raisons .
Ces déclarations illustres sur la liberté et l' État de droit ont forgé la démocratie contemporaine .
the current situation in the canary islands amounts to a genuine invasion
En surface , rien n’ a vraiment changé .
Et si vous pensez que l' angle nous rapproche , ce n' est pas ça .
japan australia and the usa are all active
in the face of the brown menace all democratic forces on the right and left must join together in europe
unlike the opinions delivered by other committees his report provides a balanced account and has avoided the temptation to make unduly forthright comments about liberalization and legalization
Vous ne pouvez pas gérer ça tout seul .
while this legislative package does represent a step forward these legislative measures on financial stability are far from sufficient
Nous partageons des principes et des valeurs qui existaient ici et qui , à présent , prennent forme dans des expressions comme la démocratie , l' État de droit , l' égalité entre les hommes et les femmes , le respect des droits de l' homme .
i knew i had to take a banjo with me to china
Il lui a demandé où elle vivait .
the european parliament has played a particularly active part in the drafting of the charter of fundamental rights and has brought decisive influence to bear on the substance of the text
Le rôle des autorités locales et régionales doit être renforcé par l' adoption d' une méthodologie de développement local basée sur des partenariats locaux , en particulier pour les projets liés à des aspects urbains , ruraux et transfrontaliers .
C' est pourquoi j' ai proposé à la commission - et elle a accepté - un amendement stipulant que les pneus qui ne répondaient pas aux normes après la date de mise en œuvre devraient être écoulés après 12 mois .
Je ne veux pas récupérer plus de travail .
En l' occurrence , le texte issu de la conciliation constitue à mon sens un mauvais compromis sur une mauvaise directive .
Mon collègue du MIT , Assaf Biderman , il pourrait vous en dire beaucoup plus sur la détection et beaucoup d' autres choses merveilleuses que nous pouvons faire avec la détection , mais je voulais passer à la deuxième partie dont nous avons discuté au début , et c' est l' actionnement de notre environnement .
indeed the treatment of children in romania as the commissioner mentioned this morning rapidly became a global media horror story
Il ne prit pas part à la rencontre .
now we track on the person 's head the head motions --
Elle a un grand respect pour son institutrice .
and it tells us our reality is continually branching into different possibilities just like a coral
are you crying
the american university system is not a two - tier or two - class system but one of almost infinite variety
mrs berès is right if we want to avoid the risk of paralysis in the decision - making system we must extend this type of voting and bring it into general use
C’ est pourquoi , à mes yeux , aussi ardu et épineux que soit ce cycle , nous ne devons surtout pas abandonner , et nous n’ abandonnerons pas .
the conflict continues to this day but it is time for it to be solved for the benefit of all the people of jammu and kashmir with their consent
En réponse à la question spécifique posée par M. Paleckis , la Commission souligne que l' objectif des taux minimaux est de limiter les distorsions du marché intérieur provoquées par l' existence de taux d' accises différents dans les États membres .
the northernmost region somaliland situated strategically at the opening to the red sea and home to roughly 3.5 million of somalia ’s 10 million people is more or less autonomous and stable
C' est ainsi que prennent naissance les pyramides organisées en Suisse , à l' instar des pyramides que l' on a vu jadis se constituer dans certains pays de l' ancien bloc communiste .
Par ailleurs , l' application de la loi sur le blasphème suscite à juste titre des craintes quant à la sécurité du personnel du journal , comme certains d' entre vous l' ont signalé .
Le Conseil souhaite attirer votre attention sur le fait que cette décision ne demande pas aux États membres de communiquer de telles informations au Conseil .
as i said earlier the inclusion of the charter of fundamental rights is far from a symbolic innovation
Je suis convaincue qu' en mettant tous nos efforts en commun , nous pourrons une fois de plus expliquer ce que l' Union européenne fait pour améliorer la santé des femmes européennes .
he managed to swim across the river
Nous aimerions beaucoup avoir la possibilité de juger par nous - mêmes , et nous pensons qu' il est temps de rendre un verdict sur cette question .
this objective remains the priority of priorities for the year 2008
Arafat est président du comité exécutif du PLO , président de l' Autorité nationale palestinienne , commandant en chef des forces palestiniennes et dirigeant du mouvement Fatah .
Des retards injustifiables dans les transferts de fonds compromettent fréquemment l’ efficacité des actions , nuisent à l’ image de l’ Union européenne et causent des difficultés aux organisations qui , de bonne foi , collaborent avec nous à la divulgation de cet idéal .
Les chiffres de production sont en baisse .
not one of them has ever said that they want a stronger european union or a stronger cfsp though many have said to me they would like to see our country out of the european union
a large amount of money was spent on the new bridge
Quel rôle le Parlement européen peut - il jouer dans ce dialogue interinstitutionnel aussi important ?
he has n't any children
the uk proposal does not even take account of the geographical diversity of the member states and cuts those structural funds that are vital to southern and eastern europe
it is yet another turning point and should be the last one that exposes the lack of governance of 27 countries
Au Pérou , les coûts logistiques représentent 34 % de la valeur des produits nationaux .
you should have breakfast every day
Ils travaillent aussi sur les rétines artificielles pour les aveugles .
i agree with mrs krehl of the group of the progressive alliance of socialists and democrats in the european parliament that we should not put all our policy for that large region in one big basket
Tu n' es pas trop vieux pour apprendre .
it is unfair to blame clinicians for serious adr ’s particularly in the absence of complete safety information
after the attacks in london and madrid it emerged that the intelligence services did indeed have data at their disposal but did not act in time
reconciling the united states with itself and the world should thus be the twin priorities for america ’s next president
we must strive to achieve equal opportunities so that all children regardless of whether they come from urban or rural areas or from rich or poor families have access to early learning
a dangerous situation may well emerge as this report threatens to derail the whole process
they ca n't fire you
Ceux - ci représentent des ressources considérables .
i hope that the appointments last week can draw a line under these years of introspection
Après nous utilisons l' information qui est déjà présente dans le rapport du laboratoire .
On y mentionne que le marché , par ailleurs paré de toutes les vertus , pourrait ne pas suffire seul à réaliser certains objectifs politiques et même économiques .
berlin – ever since the global financial crisis erupted in september 2008 the european union has been in turmoil
Je crois que c' est ignorer la situation réelle dans ces pays .
have you ever been on tv
J' ai l' intention de lutter jusqu' à la fin .
La mer d' Azov et la mer Noire ont subi des pollutions au pétrole .
Je cite , par exemple , la déclaration de la Commission .
aviation fuel is exempt from tax and local and regional authorities often subsidise airports in europe
for six billion dollars we could have new cogeneration plants generating both heat and power with an output of 10 000 megawatts
as recently as 1991 and 1992 the commission won a battle with the uk over additionality at that time linked to the rechar funding
Et , les autres décisions visant à relancer la demande sur les marchés de l' immobilier et de l' automobile se sont aussi avérées efficaces .
Dans le contexte de la libre circulation des citoyens européens , l' adaptation aux exigences du marché implique la connaissance de langues étrangères .
La résolution mentionne , par exemple , Cuba .
now in the decade of darfur and iraq a statement like that might seem somewhere between hallucinatory and obscene but i 'm going to try to convince you that that is the correct picture the decline of violence is a fractal phenomenon you can see it over millennia over centuries over decades and over years although there seems to have been a tipping point at the onset of the age of reason in the sixteenth century one sees it all over the world although not homogeneously
J' insiste tout particulièrement sur la nécessité de favoriser la conciliation de la vie professionnelle et de la vie privée , pour les hommes comme pour les femmes , et ce n' est qu' à ce prix que nous parviendrons à une parfaite égalité .
Chaque année , un millier de patients décèdent encore en Allemagne faute d' un organe compatible . C' est un fait et c' est pourquoi il importe de combler cette lacune tout en offrant la garantie de qualité nécessaire .
this is also my view and i consequently voted in favour of the report
hands up -- how many of you have books cds dvds or videos lying around your house that you probably wo n't use again but you ca n't quite bring yourself to throw away
Mais cette proposition n’ est pas sans risque : si les investisseurs décidaient de se retirer quand même , les fonds nécessaires pourraient être tellement importants que les contribuables des pays créditeurs pourraient se révolter .
Pour les mêmes raisons , mon groupe est contre un recours à la Cour de justice européenne .
travelling times as with other parameters such as temperatures or densities are essential elements to achieve a good level of protection for the animals during transport
Comprendre les rapports entre les acteurs actifs dans le secteur ainsi que la nature évolutive de l' activité en elle - même constituent , d' après moi , un point essentiel pour la sécurité du système financier à l' échelle mondiale .
Sans aborder la question du développement du marché unique de façon très analytique , j' aimerais indiquer que la réalisation de cet objectif rencontrera quelques difficultés pour trois raisons au moins .
Je voudrais également insister sur le fait que les nouvelles ressources propres devraient contribuer à rendre les recettes de l' Union européenne plus stables et plus prévisibles et qu' elles ne devraient pas nous conduire à l' endettement .
La manière dont nous gérerons et détecterons cette maladie est de la plus haute importance .
Parfois , j' envie les artistes occidentaux pour leur liberté d' expression -- pour le fait qu' ils puissent prendre de la distance par rapport aux questions politiques -- par rapport au fait qu' ils ne s' adressent seulement qu' à une seule audience , principalement la culture occidentale .
Une telle situation aurait un impact grave sur l' infrastructure socio-économique des communautés rurales .
On a déjà fait référence ici au fait que nous sommes préoccupés par le comportement des États - Unis dans la lutte contre le terrorisme international et cela revêt pour moi un rôle important .
Je prends des vacances à la plage .
and we 're just about to announce the zinio reader product that i believe will make magazines even more enjoyable to read
we can be fairly certain that the economist like the vast majority of the profession will be enthusiastic in his support of free trade
it is what makes you function it is what makes every organism function
this is one i made a few years ago
Où est -ce que tout le monde va ?
changes in the way banks are organized have put extra pressure on supervisors
Nous serons bientôt neuf milliards d' êtres humains .
Et Al Gore a dit auparavant que l' image la plus photographiée au monde , l' image la plus imprimée au monde , était celle de la Terre . Mais c' était en 1974 , et à ce moment cette photographie était la photographie qui était la plus imprimée parce que nous en avons imprimé 2 milliards de copies de cette photo , et nous les avons distribuées de mains en mains , de porte à porte , pour montrer aux gens et leur demander s' il y avait la variole dans leur maison parce que c' était notre système de surveillance . Nous n' avions pas Google , nous n' avions pas de moteurs de recherche , nous n' avions pas d' ordinateurs .
Mais ceci fait partie du processus d' ajustement du marché autrefois claironné si bruyamment par les Etats - Unis .
De tels mécanismes ont été envisagés pour l' Europe , ils doivent maintenant être envisagés pour l' OMC !
Je suis beaucoup allé skier , étant enfant .
La troisième forme de liquidités a déjà été évoquée ici : il s' agit de l' apparition de la monnaie électronique .
the fact that members of the european council were involved immediately confers on the work a more political character
La Russie , qui aspire à de bonnes relations avec l’ UE , doit mettre un terme à ces pratiques , et c’ est ce que doit exiger l’ UE au prochain sommet .
however at the same time we can not forget that human rights are a cornerstone of modern european political philosophy
i have no doubt that our heads of state and government will want to express their continued solidarity with the people of japan as i do now
so i made a deal with the women i said look we get rid of the charity side and we run this as a business and i 'll help you
Son rôle représente une garantie essentielle pour le respect du principe de transparence et de bonne administration , et c' est là la véritable protection pour nos concitoyens .
Je peux utiliser mon ordinateur portable aussi bien que si j' étais à la maison à Londres et grâce à notre antenne parabolique nous avons accès à des chaînes et des stations de radio du monde entier .
this has become a very urgent problem
likewise we have no intention of exerting advance pressure on the decision of the irish people
Ils commencent très près l' un de l' autre .
Lorsque l' ONU ou d' autres organisations sont réticentes ou impuissantes à s' élever contre des menaces sinistres , l' Amérique se réserve le droit d' agir au sein d' alliances moins englobantes ou de coalitions flexibles ad hoc des pays de bonne volonté .
Et cette distinction - là , la Commission ne la fait pas .
Il est important que les États - Unis s' engage dans cet aspect essentiel de la construction d' une nation .
En effet , le comble de ce scénario cyclique est que l’ on construit plus de colonies en temps de négociation qu' en temps de conflit .
it is also unethical to buy the easiest efforts in third countries
as a matter of fact there 's one right there
i would like to say - in a european union forged from war - for us war crimes must be held to account
moreover i think that we still do not have a cross - border initiative that would collectively remedy the concerns of transnational minorities
regional authorities can raise the profile of these sleeping innovators as they have been called and support them using assistance and partnership programmes with the help of the cohesion policy
that does not make much sense and i believe that if we really want to work faster we can do so
À 10 heures hier , nous étions des centaines de gens dehors .
as the vice - president responsible for multilingualism i would like to say how glad we are to hear you speaking gaelic in parliament
Demain à midi , cette Assemblée respectera une minute de silence en hommage aux enfants victimes de l’ horreur à Beslan .
one useful consequence is that wealthy countries ’ low levels of assistance to those less fortunate has gained wider attention
nevertheless in the short run very aggressive monetary and fiscal policy actions – both traditional and non - traditional – must be undertaken to ensure that the inevitable stag - deflation of 2009 does not persist into 2010 and beyond
just how many palestinians have to die before the council recognises that israel might be in breach of the human rights requirements of the association agreement
À cette fin , les pays européens sont contraints d' introduire des mesures d' urgence , de réduire les dépenses publiques , de suspendre provisoirement les réductions d' impôts prévues et même d' augmenter les impôts .
Le pétrole ne se mélange pas avec l' eau .
Et là , plus moyen de ralentir mon pouls .
Dans le document à l' examen aujourd'hui , en 2007 , il nous faut pourtant reconnaître qu' au sein de notre administration parlementaire , les femmes sont sous-représentées dans les organes auxquels il appartient de prendre les décisions politiques .
La Commission , en coordination avec les États membres , soutient fermement une approche fondée sur la Convention des droits de l' enfant .
but we know in reality that it leads to a great deal of unstable and dangerous weather conditions and is going to have some very serious effects across the world
so i can determine when you 're looking at something whether you 're excited or whether you 're aroused or not ok
because of that i became interested in blue tape so in san francisco at c.c i had a whole exhibition on blue tape
Il est possible qu' une opposition publique continue à une augmentation progressive de l' inflation ne résiste pas longtemps .
the bug is still alive
this implies that an annual report drawn up by the end of april will include year - end statistics for the previous year at the financial intermediary level and at the sme level detailed statistics for the preceding year
the brainwashing process always concludes in the same way
En effet , les partis islamistes pakistanais n’ ont jamais obtenu plus de 12 pour cent des voix aux élections .
the harsh fact is that women make up only 46 % of the working population
Le Bureau a émis de sérieuses réserves à ce sujet , n' a prévu aucun financement à cet effet et a demandé son ajournement pour des raisons juridiques .
one should remember last july 's banking stress tests when the commission effectively signed off on the future of the very banks in ireland that are at the heart of the crisis
nevertheless all lovers of political correctness – and i am proud not to be one of them – should also think about linguistic correctness ‘ homophobia ’ is the opposite of ‘ xenophobia ’
Mais le moment difficile vient le lendemain matin , pour le danseur lui - même , quand il se réveille , qu' il se rend compte qu' on est mardi , 11h , et qu' il ne reflète plus Dieu .
Alors que La Rioja vend tout ce qu' elle a , la Navarre doit recourir à la distillation de crise .
( NL ) M. le Président , Les Jeux olympiques s' ouvriront le huitième jour du huitième mois de l' année 2008 .
Ici , au sein de cette Assemblée , nous voulons un nouveau traité .
the eu must recognize the danger of using antibiotics
Pour que ça marche , comme on l' a déjà dit , il nous faut de bonnes règles .
Ainsi , l' euro est une construction formée dans l' intention de créer une plus grande unification économique en Europe .
Un programme de réduction du carbone sur l’ ensemble des secteurs ayant recours à l’ utilisation d’ énergies , associé à une consommation réduite de produits d’ origine animale entraineraient de réels bénéfices pour la santé et le bien-être humains .
Monsieur le Président , je voudrais venir en aide à mon collègue , M. Posselt .
Ce pays a réformé son système de gouvernement et son infrastructure civique et a judicieusement résolu ses problèmes avec ses minorités rom et hongroise .
À l' heure actuelle , renvoyer les Kurdes en Turquie n' est certainement pas une solution appropriée .
it is going to create another thousand jobs
augmenter le cofinancement national de la politique de cohésion ;
Il ne sera pas simple de freiner les dépenses et emprunts excessifs en vue de rétablir les valeurs familiales d’ épargne , d’ économie , de responsabilité et de juste récompense .
Je voudrais visiter l' Angleterre un jour .
Les Etats - Unis , l’ Europe et l’ Asie ont tous connu des pertes d’ argent suite à l’ effondrement des cours de la bourse et des prix de l’ immobilier .
i think we are obsessed with getting people to college
On pourrait aussi , avec le programme Jeunesse par exemple , proposer à des jeunes volontaires de s' engager lors des Jeux olympiques .
the us was thus led to a series of over - statements
Sa famille vit depuis huit générations dans une ville appelée Whitesville , dans l' ouest de la Virginie .
Ces douze derniers mois , 100 000 emplois du secteur privé ont été perdus , et vous avez cependant créé 30 000 emplois dans le secteur public .
Quelles initiatives , par exemple ?
Aujourd'hui , j' ai vu un sansonnet .
it is the number one priority
Si l' on prend en compte les personnes qui quittent le pays , l' accroissement net de la population est de quelque 200 000 personnes par an , soit un million d' individus tous les cinq ans .
Qui paie pour la collecte , le démantèlement , l' élimination , etc. ?
we must also boldly take the lead in international environment policy as well as trade policy and development cooperation policy
Qu' il me soit permis toutefois , à cet égard , de douter de l' efficacité de la pseudo-solution des 35 heures telle qu' elle est proposée en France .
the government intensifies repression and imprisons opposition activists
the purpose of that conference is in fact to review the use made of the solidarity fund by several regions of europe
do n't blame the messenger
Une chauve - souris est autant un oiseau qu' un rat peut l' être .
the original purpose of the directive was to avoid distortions in trade
Notre amendement pour épargner à la restauration la charge bureaucratique de devoir appliquer des taux de TVA différents sur une seule facture a été rejeté de justesse .
it would be two or three times his annual turnover
and at night i would lie out looking at the unpolluted sky as delhi used to be at that time when i was a kid and i used to stare at the universe and say how far does this universe go
mr president ladies and gentlemen our colleague terence wynn has said what had to be said and he can say it very much better than i could
those are from the purpose driven life
whether this court will perhaps eventually be used to try those who resist the new imperialist order
Il convient de dire clairement à cet égard que REACH constitue une étape dans la bonne direction pour nous tous : davantage de protection de l' environnement et des consommateurs , mais également plus de compétitivité .
Vous réfléchissez sur de grandes questions de principe dans votre programme .
there are balancers -- the u.s europe china japan can balance each other
the first is the institutional reforms and the preparations for the intergovernmental conference
Une suite d' accords et de déclarations a pu être finalisée , qu' il s' agisse , par exemple , du commerce électronique ou de l' accord de dernière minute sur les normes de piégeage sans cruauté .
La défense de Microsoft est qu' il doit “ se conformer aux lois locales et mondiales . ”
Nous avons un urgent besoin d' une politique énergétique commune , d' une politique énergétique reposant sur l' unité et la solidarité , exactement telle que l' a définie Monsieur Saryusz - Wolski .
La raison de cette bonne nouvelle n’ est autre qu’ un passage sans précédent au gaz naturel , qui libère 45 % de carbone en moins par unité d’ énergie .
mr president there are just a couple of points i would like to make they are both points certainly the first on which i hope to say rather more over the coming months
Il est clair qu' une partie du pouvoir politique turc n' a aucune envie d' adhérer au principe , préconisé par Atatürk , d' une séparation stricte entre religion et politique .
Nous exprimons notre solidarité à toutes les populations de la région , sans exception , qui subissent la cruelle épreuve d' une guerre insensée .
Pour l’ instant , au beau milieu de la controverse , le gouvernement colombien tente de progresser dans les négociations avec les groupes paramilitaires des AUC .
please consider going back to the old system
Le Conseil s' est montré ambitieux en optant pour une harmonisation maximale , et le Parlement a fait preuve d' ambition pour faire en sorte que ce système fonctionne pour les citoyens .
Peut - être la prochaine crise ne se déroulera - t - elle pas aussi " bien " et la note à payer par la population pourrait être vertigineuse .
C’ est précisément la raison pour laquelle l’ Europe doit aussi faire pression pour obtenir le désarmement .
L’ un des plus importants auxquels nous devons actuellement faire face concerne les restrictions à l’ entrée sur le territoire des États - Unis imposées aux citoyens de certains États membres de l’ UE , autrement dit les restrictions de visa .
Ça a été globalement un succès .
Le 11 septembre 2001 , un réseau non gouvernemental a tué plus d’ Américains lors d’ une attaque surprise que le gouvernement japonais à Pearl Harbor en 1941 .
Comme Mme le commissaire le sait aussi , tous les travaux hydrauliques effectués en Espagne et au Portugal sont réalisés avec la contribution du budget de la Communauté .
that 's most important of all -- looking good feeling good and having the goods
humanity will pay the price for communism until such a time as we learn to stand up to it with all political responsibility and decisiveness
i do not think that it is parliament ’s business to determine olaf ’s internal organisation and staff policy
La démocratie n' est pas seulement un mécanisme destiné à prévenir les erreurs stratégiques .
what do we agree with in this taxation policy
Notre position dans ce conflit ne doit cependant pas nous faire oublier les autres conflits et donner carte blanche aux Russes pour perpétrer ces abus .
Officiellement , je ne parie pas mais -- Donc , si nous avons ...
Vous n' en avez pas conscience , mais vos yeux bougent tout le temps .
in the argentina of the 1940 ’s and 1950 ’s evita gathered multitudes
Voici les conditions environnementales sur la planète .
not only now but also in the two earlier railway packages mr jarzembowski has advocated more competition and the operation of market forces
La Commission a déjà entamé des discussions informelles afin de gagner du temps .
Ce sommet était important parce que la question rom présente un intérêt commun aux Européens et appelle une politique volontariste de la part de chaque État membre , adaptée bien sûr aux spécificités nationales .
Alors voilà comment ça fonctionne .
we are totally closed
this measure will only apply in cases where there is an explicit commitment that the enterprises benefiting from it will be included in a restructuring plan within a period of six months
Une petite graine pèse très lourd , et toute cette matière , 99 % de cette matière , vient de l' air .
and god forbid -- i think many doctors if you really asked them they do n't really understand all this stuff either
Je m' intéresse aux ordinateurs .
Mais , une fois ces connaissances acquises , il convient d' agir . La passivité revient à trahir ceux et celles dont les droits sont bafoués et , à ce propos , l' UE a personnellement un rôle à jouer .
this new technology called “ carbon capture and sequestration ” can cut by 80 % the carbon dioxide emitted during the production of electricity
Les développements technologiques dans ce domaine sont essentiels pour des approvisionnements durables en énergie .
one must indeed point out that this report belongs in a greater context
Les règles doivent être les mêmes pour toute personne active dans ce domaine et nous ne devons pas laisser la possibilité d' une activité incontrôlée .
afterwards although there were some hiccups most of the eurozone members solved and continue solving these problems under the umbrella of the euro a strong single currency
Ils devront attendre une autre occasion .
not all aspects of visa policy are covered by article 100c of the present treaty
our sympathy goes out to the families of the victims cruelly tested to whom we send our sincere condolences
there is unanimous agreement in the council that vital importance attaches to rural development policy as the second pillar of the common agricultural policy
i know that it has been very difficult to bring this very important directive to fruition
Une crise constitutionnelle pourrait survenir .
La Chine exporte non seulement de plus en plus de produits , mais aussi sa dégradation environnementale .
Il s' est exprimé avec une énergie froide et disciplinée .
Le considérant 14 et l' article 4 prévoient la possibilité d' aides d' État pour l' utilisation de l' infrastructure , ce qui est également possible en vertu des amendements .
Le programme spécifique sur l' intégration et le renforcement de l' Espace européen de la recherche a en effet repris notre demande d' extension de la recherche au développement des systèmes d' exploitation et de matériel informatique en Europe .
Nous devons nous en féliciter .
J' ai donc manifesté mon désaccord à certains égards mais j' estime qu' il est de mon devoir de contribuer à l' adoption de cette directive qui , dans l' ensemble , va dans la bonne direction et constitue un jalon d' une importance indéniable .
Vous savez parfaitement que l' Union européenne a un rôle à jouer à cet égard .
Ce n’ est pas à l’ Union européenne de dire aux travailleurs s’ ils peuvent ou non se promener torse nu ou porter des shorts .
this confusion will lead to conflict year after year
i do have a question for her concerning the role of sberbank the russian savings bank
Une nouvelle vague d' ouverture et de démocratisation dans laquelle , depuis 2000 , plus de deux tiers des pays africains ont organisé des élections démocratiques avec plusieurs partis .
without such an agreement we can not efficiently achieve the ultimate objective which is to reduce those co2 emissions
the current proposal is the first step towards achieving the necessary clarity and i hope that the council will support our proposals
Il serait certainement difficile pour les gouvernements d' emprunter à l' étranger , mais ce serait un bon résultat pour leurs citoyens , pas un impôt .
Il s' agit là d' un facteur aussi important que n' importe quel autre en faveur d' une Europe unie .
i know you 're not coming to my party but i wish you were
Cela commence environ vers 1890 . Le ventilateur électrique a été un très grand succès .
Les gens seront des citoyens de seconde zone par rapport à la justice qui leur est disponible .
the eu may only resume its development activities when the government of sudan observes the eu and acp resolutions and the resolutions of the un security council of which we have been reminding them for years
we are with them and the council is right to worry about the departure of venezuela from the andean community it is an alternative and progressive method of cooperation for these countries
Encore , certains de vous le connaissent peut - être , certains peut - être pas , Dumas Malone .
the commission ’s role is to apply the law not make it
i do n't like this city at all
Quand nous avons publié ce rapport , c' était trois jours après que le nouveau président , Kibaki , ait décidé de faire copain - copain avec l' homme dont il devait se débarrasser , Daniel Arap Moi .
Donc voyons ce que vous devez inclure dans votre présentation .
Et j' en faisais référence à la fin de ma dernière présentation .
an unqualified rejection of terrorist organisations and of terrorism should lead to a coherent and binding set of coordinated policies and a spirit of cooperation between governments at all levels
and when the tides of waste matter come in it sounds as if a whole storm is approaching you
that is why a clear signal is needed from ecofin especially after the discussions that have taken place
Ne risquent - elles pas d’ être traitées comme des usines pleines de pièces pouvant être achetées , ou comme des corps soumis aux lois du marché et produisant les tissus nécessaires à d’ autres sur commande et pour un prix convenu ?
i do not believe there is much hope that the finance ministers will change their minds
Ces offres ne seront sûrement pas exemptes de conditions .
mr president the commission 's announcement on the promotion of a combined heat and power industry in the eu area is an important step forward for energy policy
Ce n’ est pas pour la liberté que nous avons besoin d’ une flûte enchantée .
Et cela faisait vraiment partie de l' objectif d' urbanisme de ce projet à Los Angeles .
Enfin , je voudrais relever une question soulevée par le commissaire dans son intervention : il n' est pas possible d' avoir des PME solides en sapant sans cesse l' esprit d' entreprise .
it will not be long before scott gets well
they supplied the soldiers with enough food and water
the european union has contributed ecu 73 million this year alone to this operation
they are listed on page five of this report and i do not need to read them out now
Je plaide pour qu' on ouvre absolument toutes les portes .
this is in no small measure owing to the committee chairpersons and above all the rapporteur mr bourlanges but also it should be added to senior members of all groups
we therefore propose the term cultural policy thus laying the foundations for a genuine community policy in the area of culture
Il n' eut pas de chance pour trouver du travail .
the captain of a new zealand vessel who was just down there is reporting a significant decline in the number of the ross sea killer whales who are directly dependent on the antarctic toothfish as their main source of food
i can no more speak french than you can speak english
Nous sommes allés à la plage pour nager .
Les rapports font état de 500 à 1 500 morts .
this however does not solve the problem for 1998 and 1999
do you know when she will come
Cela ne signifie pas que nous optons pour le second choix .
Ce dont nous avons besoin maintenant , c' est de croissance , mais pas n' importe quelle sorte de croissance , une croissance plus équitable , une croissance plus ouverte , plus durable , une croissance plus intelligente , tournée vers l' avenir .
incorporating turkey – and eventually other majority muslim european countries – into the eu is the european dream of the twenty - first century
the case of grigori pasko and the closure of tv6 in russia
firstly it has become apparent recently that the european labour market is relying increasingly on mobility an ever dwindling number of companies manage to fill their vacancies
Tu es arrivé il y a trois jours .
Je n' ai pas bien dormi la nuit dernière .
it is for this reason that society must fund public service broadcasting since democracy presupposes tolerance and respect for cultural diversity and in our society public service broadcasting helps to guarantee these principles
and i will do that by bringing these bubbles back to a gapminder graph here where you can see each bubble is a country
Il est vrai qu’ une partie des incitations fiscales chinoises prévoit d’ accorder des prêts au secteur privé par l’ entremise du secteur bancaire , étroitement contrôlé .
Il est indiscutable que les avis divergent sur certains points de la communication , comme l' enrichissement du vin , par exemple .
and the peak time for that was the 30s because the depression was so dismal that anything to get away from the present into the future and technology was going to carry us along
Il s' en est vanté .
En même temps , nous avons toutefois assuré que , sur une période de deux semaines , cette durée pouvait être considérée comme acceptable du point de vue de la sécurité .
german exports to china accounted for only 0.3 % of the country ’s gdp in 2005 but stood at 1.4 % of gdp in 2008
one out of three black men between the ages of 18 and 30 is in jail in prison on probation or parole
Le programme d' intégration n' émane pas des élections .
at the end of october last year therefore a month after having received that information eurostat communicated those figures for an initial analysis by the member states gni - committee
you must put an end to your foolish behavior
Il convient de trouver une solution acceptable par tous .
mr president i add my congratulations to mrs maij - weggen for an excellent report
i will just mention a few of the proposals that we would like the commission to consider
Bien qu’ aucun pays n’ ait jamais pratiqué la gestion du risque à une telle échelle , il serait temps maintenant d’ envisager une telle innovation .
Il y a eu un premier sommet Union européenne - Inde , suivi d' un deuxième sommet Union européenne - Inde . Mais c' est vraiment insuffisant .
you can get from washington to new york by train
La commission économique , monétaire et de la politique industrielle du Parlement a soutenu cette proposition à une large majorité .
my father made me a nice lunch
we have to ensure creators enjoy sufficient incentive and reward for their work
La participation obligatoire des étudiants améliorerait non seulement la base de savoir déjà impressionnante de Wikipedia , mais contribuerait également à limiter les prétentions élitistes des chercheurs dans le système mondial du savoir .
Qui est au volant ?
no you 'll be blown to smithereens
Mais la société pakistanaise est aujourd’hui orpheline , à la merci de l’ armée pakistanaise et de l’ Inter - Service Intelligence ( service de renseignements pakistanais ) tout puissant . Ce dernier est devenu un état dans l’ état , et ne reporte qu’ à lui - même .
Cependant il est maintenant temps que le Parlement prenne une décision .
no one had conceived of using a fully loaded large passenger plane as a weapon
i would first of all like to highlight the extremely small size of the budget proposed by the commission which only amounts to eur 15 million per year
Dans les grandes entreprises , il est souvent difficile de définir la contribution de chaque individu .
at the same time the eu is giving a huge amount of money to north korea for the country to build two new nuclear power stations
and she was there for two hours before they extracted her
Je ne crois pas que nous devons nous en accommoder , mais nous devrions faire tout ce que nous pouvons pour donner à ces enfants une vie digne d' un être humain , malgré tout .
like the majority of those who follow these issues she thinks that the agreement with the chinese will allow european industry some breathing space between now and 2008 and that this agreement is therefore good in itself
in writing - i welcome this report and the support the european globalisation fund is giving to workers made redundant
Si j' ai été mal interprété , avec grand plaisir , je vous indique clairement comment faire : il est possible de voter en appuyant sur l' un quelconque des trois boutons .
Il suffit de jeter un coup d' œil à l' exécution du budget 2008 - par exemple pour la seule Palestine - et de voir le nombre de lettres d' amendement pour savoir que nous allons connaître la même situation en 2009 .
Le premier camp veut la conservation totale d' une longue liste d' espèces qui sont au bord de l' extinction .
En revanche , nous désapprouvons les allusions au traité de Lisbonne .
the only way that i would say it was a mistake is in that we did n't react to it
La proposition n’ a pas été acceptée par la commission des budgets , mais elle a été redéposée en plénière .
Toutefois , je pense que certaines de ces demandes sont essentielles si nous voulons en Europe garantir un niveau élevé de protection des animaux , et je crains que le résultat d' aujourd' hui n' aille dans le sens contraire .
i think the current commissioner will also have had a hard time of it given that the responsibility was spread so widely
where he differs fundamentally from bush is in his belief that resolving international problems that affect the us almost always calls for the support of others
La coopération avec le Hamas rendrait l' Union européenne moralement responsable d' un processus de paix qui aboutirait à la destruction d' Israël .
Mais de par ma propre expérience , j' estime qu' une politique de prévention pour la santé des animaux est également nécessaire .
Qu' il me soit permis d' applaudir à cette méthode de création budgétaire dans ces institutions qui créent d' ores et déjà leurs budgets non seulement sur la base du taux d' inflation mais aussi sur la base de leurs besoins réels .
La réponse est élémentaire et nous l' avons déjà dit à maintes reprises : en échange de pouvoir politique .
as was to be expected the issue of coexistence has surfaced as the key issue at second reading of both proposals
D' un autre côté , nous ne savons pas exactement quels seraient les effets d' un tel changement , je veux dire ses conséquences sur l' économie .
Voici le problème : tout candidat sérieux pour notre univers , est inévitablement plein d' irréductibilité de calcul ,
Cela étant dit , l' Union doit faire preuve d' humilité et de prudence dans ces dossiers .
Nous avons voté en faveur de ce rapport .
Nous avons réagi de manière appropriée et rapidement , et nous pouvons être satisfaits de nos efforts .
Nous assistons également à des comportements discriminatoires de la part de la police ou à des stéréotypes raciaux de la part des gouvernements , qui envisagent l' enregistrement des Roms par le biais de relevés d' empreintes digitales ou d' autres formes d' enregistrement .
L' harmonie , ce sont les notes que Mozart ne vous a pas données , mais pourtant la contradiction dans ses notes la suggère .
Et qui faut - il donc remercier pour les progrès enregistrés à Bruxelles ?
the shortage of plant protein is made a live issue by the eu 's low level of self - sufficiency to which reference is often made these days
so we talked about all sorts of behavioral challenges having to do with savings eventually
if indeed the parliament had not reacted so rapidly and so directly the council would certainly not have been able to make the progress that we have recorded today in the field of the third pillar
what 's the matter with you
Je t' aime encore .
but somehow or another in the last couple of decades the land of the free has become a legal minefield
Je tenterai de répondre aussi directement que possible aux sept questions soulevées par M. Brok .
of note the deß report stresses the important role that agriculture can play in the europe 2020 strategy
Les projets citoyens font également partie de l’ action 1 .
TJ : Il faut que ce soient les entreprises . Il faut que ce soit la société civile .
finally the negotiations for the new 2007 agreement must focus on defining a binding global framework which guarantees the protection of security and of the fundamental rights of citizens
Alors , laissez - moi vous poser cette question -- je peux confirmer cette intuition en posant une question -- qui préféreriez - vous être si un germe mortel se propageait à travers le réseau , A ou B ?
CA : Comment allez - vous prendre vos idées ici et effectivement les intégrer dans les modèles d' affaires , sur le terrain , dans les villages indiens , par exemple .
Nous certifions aux citoyens de l' Europe que le Parlement utilise l' argent aux fins prévues et dans le respect des règles .
Il reste à voir si le modèle du taux d' intérêt unique fonctionnera dans tous les pays de l' Union , et en particulier dans un pays comme l' Irlande .
is n’t the computer world champion they asked
En d' autres termes , un changement économique est toujours nécessaire , et les accords de partenariat peuvent et doivent être utilisés dans ce but .
Ces problèmes n' ont pas été résolus avec la directive LdSD 1.0 .
Passé le gué , honni le saint .
furthermore this is a step back from the schengen convention which already confers this right to travel
Laissez - moi savoir le programme au préalable , s' il vous plaît .
Mesdames et Messieurs , nos prédécesseurs ont eu le courage et la perspicacité dans les années cinquante d' effacer par une Communauté européenne l' antagonisme vieux d' un millénaire entre la France et l' Allemagne .
Il fait froid là - dedans .
the best civil engineers we had the best planners the best architects
in doing so the commission underlines both the internal and the external dimension of the decent work agenda
it is entirely a matter for each member state to determine how labour relations are organised and whether or not its system includes collective bargaining
Ce projet devrait produire sous peu des résultats .
C' est pourquoi je pense que même si nous construisons un mur de six mètres sur la totalité de la frontière européenne , elles continueront à venir .
Une chose fait défaut , cependant : une reconnaissance généralisée du fait que le système est brisé et qu’ il est nécessaire de le réinventer .
Le capitalisme se développe grâce à la cupidité , il en va de même pour la pauvreté .
C' est la chose à ne pas demander , de dire aux enfants de ne jamais se tromper .
it 's so big
Nous exprimions toutefois des réserves au sujet de l’ amendement 11 relatif aux services de courrier exprès .
rather it symbolizes and highlights underlying weaknesses in the operation of the state and its interactions with citizens and businesses
what happened in ireland could happen in any member state because there are - as i understand it - thousands of tonnes of pcbs in circulation
it startled then bored then repelled me
Alors qu' à l' OMC les attaques contre ce régime se multiplient , il est primordial que la Commission européenne le défende .
Nous approuvons donc la résolution dans sa critique du gouvernement birman , qui donne la priorité à son propre pouvoir avant la survie de la population du pays .
we need a signal to the arabic and islamic world
La Zambie a récemment lancé un emprunt à hauteur de 750 millions de dollars d' obligations souveraines sur dix ans , à un taux d’ intérêt annuel de 5,375 pour cent .
Mais ces dernières semaines , une partie du nord Sunnite s’ est soulevé par les armes contre le Hezbollah et le gouvernement qu’ il domine , et soutient ouvertement les rebelles syriens .
well tyson did because there 's no chicken in the chicken
C' est là que se trouve selon moi le plus grand danger : un risque de séparation entre le Nord et le Sud , une cellule d' Al - Qaïda active , et le risque d' une carence de l' État .
the recent rise in gold prices is only partially justified by fundamentals
we have to face up to the fears of our citizens about energy issues rising unemployment immigration and climate change
it affirms equally explicitly that the fight against terrorism can not be pursued at the expense of human rights
On dit que le sol tchadien sent le pétrole .
on behalf of the ind / dem group - sv do we need a european economic legal entity in the research sector or is this yet another example of the eu 's persistent fight against european pluralism
there is also the other geographical problem the fact that it is situated on the african continent
the global pressures pushing european nations closer together are as strong as ever so the impasse over the eu ’s constitutional treaty was never going to push europe off course for very long
Notre résolution tente , de façon certainement encore imparfaite , de mettre à l' unisson ces deux exigences .
the wto must look into whether world trade is also possible with reference to ethical criteria
Et ma petite soeur voulait être un pilote - Dieu lui vienne en aide .
and one of their projects was to see what makes meetings boring and to try and do something about it
Cette assertion mérite d' être soulignée .
firstly i demand that every commission proposal should from the very outset specify in clear and precise terms what added value for the public the european regulation in question represents
Par ailleurs , nous devons reconnaître que l' Union économique et monétaire est l' un des projets les plus ambitieux de l' Union européenne , peut - être le plus lourd de conséquences sur l' Union et son avenir .
it is imperative then that the agreement between parliament and the council is concluded as quickly as possible regarding the transfer of confidential documents
Vous feriez bien de lire l' accord !
embargoes have been ineffective so far
Beaucoup d’ entres eux ont voyagé et tous ont vu des films étrangers , grâce auxquels ils ont pu constater que des personnes de statut social similaire en Occident ont une vie bien plus confortable que la leur .
Les tendances actuelles de l' évolution des moeurs conduisent à dévaloriser le concept même de famille .
we do not need to be reminded of the need for intensive development of the information technology sector and that we must ensure that our citizens have access to digital technology
Le même processus sera aussi catalysé par l’ armée pour des raisons qui lui sont propres d’ efficacité au combat et de prévention des conflits , en particulier ceux concernant le pétrole .
thus the french statements about the european social model and about the defence of public service appear simply to be empty boasts
similarly a recent chinese bestseller a survey of chinese peasants reveals the tremendous human costs of china 's modernization drive
Ces deux sujets nous préoccupent et font également l' objet de questions de la part du Parlement , et la Commission , consciente des problèmes , y répondra de façon opportune en temps voulu .
J' en ai un , il est partout , allez le trouver .
Cela alourdira un peu aussi notre journée , et n' est pas non plus très respectueux de la procédure .
mr president commissioner will all those who were admitted to the test this time be admitted next time
which is old
if the defenders of neoliberal doctrine had listened to the warnings of the socialists we would not now be embroiled in this crisis
the first is a response to the real concerns of our citizens internal security and employment
Ce représentant a déjà contacté toutes les parties en question et suit les travaux des différents cycles , en étroite liaison avec le représentant du secrétaire général des Nations unies .
reykjavik – if african countries were to adopt only one policy to boost economic growth and improve macroeconomic stability they should reduce the number of currencies in circulation across the continent as quickly as possible
would not this situation justify the production of a thorough analysis
es madam president we are here for the first time in the history of the euro to talk about the financial situation of a handful of countries
Moins une coutume traditionnelle est justifiée , plus il est difficile de s' en débarrasser .
payá and the others are working for a cuba in which democracy human rights pluralism freedom and justice exist for all
la deuxième question est : vérifiez que vous avez expliqué comment les avions peuvent voler à l' envers .
Aujourd'hui la Syrie , l' Egypte , le Yemen , la Tunisie , l' Algérie et les territoires palestiniens contrôlés par le Fatah incarnent encore l' ancien Moyen - Orient .
Toutefois , vous ne pouvez être efficace que dans la mesure où les États membres vous le permettent , et vous êtes bien sûr réticente à faire appel à vos propres pouvoirs d' initiative - et je soutiens pleinement cette approche .
Cinquièmement , nous avons à nouveau besoin d' une politique de désarmement .
i 'll do my very best not to disappoint you
the industry is destabilised and under threat
Je suis conscient du fait que cette proposition est un terrain miné .
[ PM ] Je veux que ce soit disponible pour tous pour que chacun puisse développer son propre appareil SixthSense car la technologie n' est pas si difficile à fabriquer , ou à faire soi - même .
the european union needs a programme especially after the 2004 enlargement which devotes particular attention to its citizens
she accompanied me on the piano
Il est bon de voir que le Parlement a adopté cette résolution .
au nom du groupe IND / DEM . - ( SV ) Monsieur le Président , le premier point à faire valoir - et aussi le plus important - est que l' Estonie est une nation indépendante , et non pas un État satellite de la Russie .
there are two especially important elements in parliament 's proposal for the directive
En 2004 , le nombre de cas a augmenté de manière dramatique en Russie et en Ukraine , nos nouveaux voisins .
third the interaction between the shadow banking system and the global banks is highly concentrated because the global banks act as prime brokers particularly for derivative trades
the acoustics of music are much harder than those of language
En fait les médecins aiment cette feuille , et ils sont en fait vraiment concernés .
Cela devrait être une matière relevant purement de la législation nationale et des gouvernements nationaux - ce sont les parlements nationaux des États membres qui devraient décider qui ils veulent et qui ils ne veulent pas dans leur pays .
new powers exist for parliament in the area of international negotiations and the commission is in favour of parliament playing a greater role in such negotiations
i express the hope now that the lawal case will not bring dark clouds over relations between the union and nigeria
Car le risque de résurgence de l' hydre néo-fasciste et raciste nous impose , plus que jamais , une grande vigilance .
come here soon
rendering authenticity -- and the keyword is rendering
at the end of the day this report is based on a model such as this
i therefore fundamentally agree with president barroso and the president of the european council we need more growth
À terme , elle nous dispenserait des subventions à l' exportation et de la protection des frontières , et permettrait d' augmenter les indemnités versées aux agriculteurs travaillant pour la protection de la nature et de l' environnement , ce que les citoyens apprécient .
who is in a position to set up this kind of deal with the necessary equipment and scientific knowledge
the exception is now slowly becoming the norm because by foolishly abolishing the friday sittings we have overloaded the wednesday ones
Madame la Présidente , c' est une satisfaction de vous voir présider cette séance .
Permettez - moi simplement de terminer en parlant d' une autre personne qui a contribué à ce processus .
Il doit être dit , cependant , que dans son rapport la Commission déclare clairement que des progrès ont été faits dans certains domaines , bien que les résultats soient généralement insuffisants dans d’ autres .
L' objectif de l' approche européenne devrait plutôt consister à mieux comprendre et garantir les besoins de tous les citoyens dans tous les États , et non pas à créer une sorte de société monochrome .
this is precisely why we must focus on the following objectives
Avec l' effondrement du communisme , la criminalité ouverte n' a cessé de gagner du terrain .
as far as the committee of the regions is concerned it should be pointed out that budgetary forecasting needs to be improved
it has been some time since there were reports of the occasional election worker candidate or voter being assaulted kidnapped or shot
mr patten has listed a number of measures the eu has taken to help
in less than two years this will become a reality for bulgaria and romania while negotiations are beginning with croatia and turkey
the measures proposed are actually designed to reduce the distortions caused by taxation that currently exist in this sector
Je voulais faire savoir à tout le monde que le texte finnois du rapport est erroné .
Nous espérons que les derniers obstacles à l' adhésion de la Russie à l' OMC pourront être surmontés .
Je ne sais pas , Monsieur le Député , cela dépendra de la décision prise au niveau du Conseil .
some heads of government were at risk this weekend of slipping back into their old power and money games thereby in actual fact overlooking what the european public actually wants
love me love my dog
Soyez polies mais fermes .
the british foreign office claimed at the time that the chagos islands had no settled population
my second point relates to complementary medicine
Je ne veux pas parler - mon collègue Van den Berg l' a déjà fait - des aberrations que représentent les exécutions de mineurs , de handicapés physiques , ni m' attarder sur les cas d' innocents condamnés .
Le président de la convention , M. Herzog , fera le point des travaux de la convention au Conseil européen de Feira et nous espérons que la discussion qui suivra pourra donner un nouvel élan à ce processus fondamental pour l' Union .
La Commission a appris avec satisfaction que la présidence allemande respectera le calendrier établi à Cardiff , comme il est ressorti de la déclaration gouvernementale prononcée par le chancelier Schröder le 10 octobre .
consequently there is a long way still to go
La plupart du temps , ils ont une stratégie de repli , ils devraient la suivre .
C' est une chose que nous ne savons pas encore faire .
À ma surprise , il avait une voix magnifique .
thus they are not the first step in the process of democratisation but the last step in a preparatory phase in which at least two conditions have been created
that is the reason for my first question to the hungarian presidency in the light of this experience does it intend to defend along with its partners the obligatory nature of prior parliamentary approval for these documents or not
member of the commission - mr president i would like first of all to congratulate the rapporteur for this very comprehensive report
Elle a souligné la place qu' occupe la question préjudicielle dans notre système européen , et la nécessité d' intensifier dans les États membres la formation au droit communautaire
Un pays avec un budget principal équilibré collecte suffisamment de revenus pour payer ses dépenses courantes , mais pas l' intérêt sur ses créances à recouvrer .
Quel type intelligent !
she wants to study music and dance
Signalons toutefois encore que certaines des conclusions établies par notre Assemblée dans cette optique ont été intégrées dans la position commune .
Mais pourquoi s' arrêter en si bon chemin ?
L' amour survivra .
Je sais que la Commission a désigné un groupe d' experts afin de s' atteler à cette tâche , mais ce que je demande , c' est qu' ils cherchent également une explication aux écarts de rémunération .
however let me remind you that in the commission 's white paper on energy policy it is stated that world demand for energy is forecast to increase in the coming years the coming decades
it could lead to all kinds of new points of contention and differences in interpretation
kolakowski paid dearly for his free thinking – less than two years after his speech in warsaw he was deprived of his teaching position and forced into an exile that would last for over 20 years
so when you walk into a meeting room now it lists all the meetings that are happening you can very easily take notes and they just get emailed automatically to all the people that were present in the meeting
Veuillez appuyer sur le bouton .
officials also argue that nigeria 's large population relative to other opec members and the urgent need to earn foreign exchange to invest in infrastructure and social services necessitates preferential treatment
you have once again reminded us that monetary policy can be no substitute for economic and cyclical policy and a corresponding structure and our priorities must be adjusted accordingly
all the others are northern agreements some of which have no fish
Alors voyons voir si Einstein va chanter " Joyeux Anniversaire " pour Al Gore .
Et voilà .
Cet accord était en attente de validation et a été soumis au vote de l' Assemblée législative européenne .
Nous devons lier les deux .
the european parliament has been forced into rushed action without any reports debate or access to the text of the legislation in many languages including swedish
Il convient néanmoins de les soutenir , car elles constituent un premier pas en avant .
La gravité gagne encore une fois !
Comme on le souligne fort justement dans le rapport , le rôle de ce qui est le fondement des initiatives locales d' emploi , à savoir le partenariat public - privé , la participation et la planification autonome , est très grand et il doit être renforcé .
J' aimerais aussi mettre l' accent sur la nécessité de lancer des campagnes à destination des enfants , et à cet égard , c' est la Commission qui est sollicitée .
Des signes alarmants se manifestent en outre également sur d' autres marchés , comme celui des céréales , de l' huile d' olive et des fruits et légumes .
Parfait . Alors , je vais tenter l' impossible -- ou du moins l' improbable .
small farms in europe need the support of the eu so that they can continue to exist within the eu 's wage structure
this possibility must therefore result in specific action
La même période de temps s' est écoulée depuis que la Lituanie a perdu le bâtiment de son ambassade à Rome , baptisé la Villa Lituania , qu' elle possédait jusqu' en 1937 , sans pouvoir le récupérer .
Nous serions capables de prévenir des conflits .
the commission conducted the related negotiations on behalf of the community in full compliance with the rules of the treaty
i 'll be hanged if it 's true
since france laid a huge amount of emphasis on legal exemption at the time it was damaged by concessions in agricultural policy
setting up the programme of clinical trials the edctp programme is an example of putting the european research area into practice
Ceausescu avait imposé un quota du nombre d' enfants à produire par chaque famille , donc faisant du corps des femmes un instrument de la politique économique de l' état .
in writing - lt the rapporteur observes quite rightly that the member states must make more effort to ensure that sustainable urban development becomes a strategic priority
madam president 20 years ago socialism collapsed at the pan - european picnic on the austro - hungarian border
Ces données , comme on l' a vu en avril dernier , peuvent cependant être contradictoires et peuvent conduire chaque État membre à prendre des décisions concernant la fermeture de leur espace aérien moins motivées par l' information que par l' émotion .
we have a test tomorrow
i 'm going to ask you to go ahead and put a blindfold on
the regulations tabled by the commission including the financing package are very good but our citizens are still waiting for the governments to dare to take a decision on energy solidarity and on breaking up the large state monopolies
Lorsqu' on sait qu' un avion neuf coûte 100 millions de livres , c' est parfaitement absurde .
C' est aux États membres de décider si d' autres actions s' imposent pour faire face à des conséquences sociales ou économiques particulières .
i believe that it is very important in the relations between the commission the ombudsman and other institutions and bodies to systematically respect the institutional balance laid down in the treaties
Notre hôtel donne sur la côte .
so crisis leading into opportunities
Si nous voulons créer en Europe une société équilibrée et juste , cette stratégie de développement durable est indispensable .
Cet engin a été conçu seulement trois ans après que Gagarine aille dans l' espace pour la première fois en 1961 .
Label du patrimoine européen ( débat )
J' espère que la Commission n' oubliera pas que nous avons cette famille en Amérique latine .
Sans ouvrir le débat du site de l' aéroport de Bromma , par exemple , je conclus qu' il est raisonnable de laisser à Stockholm et à la Suède , et non au Parlement européen , le soin de prendre cette décision .
Le rapport Laschet comporte de nombreuses recommandations intéressantes pour le développement des relations entre l’ Union européenne et les Nations unies .
if they come to believe that musharraf is sinking they can be counted on to cut him loose especially if he becomes a civilian
i awoke to find everything had been a dream
i would like to pay a compliment to the chair of the committee on transport and tourism brian simpson who did an excellent job to the rapporteur mr cancian and to our own coordinator mathieu grosch
and his view that this is primarily a legal and economic question rather than one of public health is quite outrageous and irresponsible
given the reticence of those young girls who drop out of sport it is also essential to ensure young girls are more enthusiastic about doing sport
thanks very much for your attention
À cette fin , il est indispensable de nouer des relations diplomatiques durables et d' entamer un dialogue permanent .
Ainsi donc , la réponse naturelle à votre question est " oui " .
Je suis également favorable à l' idée de créer un registre unique pour les informations et les documents .
i believe that the vast majority of members of this parliament would wish the commission to appeal against this shocking decision
but for your help he would have failed
moreover fime like the europe houses that are affiliated to it has been invited to respond to the invitations to submit proposals issued by the commission either at central level or at national level via the appropriate representatives
Monsieur le Président , Madame la Ministre , Mesdames et Messieurs , je voudrais simplement répondre aux questions sur le thème " Agence ou pas Agence " , comme M. Morillon , M. Swoboda et M. Dunn en ont parlé .
this is a prerequisite in order for air transport to remain what it is the safest mode of transport
for example governments could facilitate the write - down of mortgages in exchange for a share of any future home - price appreciation
Monsieur le Président , permettez - moi tout d' abord de féliciter M. Burtone pour la manière dont il a rédigé ce rapport . Je dois avouer qu' il a fait du très bon travail .
indeed states that are equivalent and involved form the keystone of the european union
J' ai donc voté contre la modification proposée .
Mais cela ne fera pas encore passer mon mal de ventre avant longtemps .
i calculated hastily
you 're not welcome here
mr maccormick has the floor for another point of order
i too could say something similar in other words it is as if i were in the greek parliament
china claims that it is entitled to play a role in setting the rules that govern the international system
but as the science improves the insurance problem will have to be faced
Une tempête frappe les marchés financiers mondiaux , et ses effets se font sentir dans toute l' Europe - dans les emplois perdus , les pensions érodées et l' épargne menacée .
Premièrement , un modèle de partenariat social solide où tous les acteurs au niveau national sont impliqués dans la formulation de la politique économique générale et de la politique sociale .
since the formation of the national unity government we manage this tim in close cooperation with salam fayad 's ministry of finance
Est -ce encore de votre ressort ?
it has been clear that in many fields things are being coordinated that subsequently need to be implemented at national level
Nous serons naturellement prêts à aller beaucoup plus loin , si la Commission persistait dans son souci et dans son désir de mener son offensive libérale en s' affranchissant du peuple et de ses représentants .
M. Goussinsky est , chose plutôt curieuse , assigné à résidence dans sa maison près de Malaga , en Espagne , et je trouve étrange que la police espagnole réponde ainsi à une requête formulée par l' ancien KGB .
Il a mené une vie difficile après cela .
membre de la Commission . - ( EN ) C' est le Parlement en particulier , entre autres , qui m' a demandé d' aborder la question des tarifs de l' itinérance internationale pour les téléphones portables .
a better solution is to figure out how to reduce health - care costs
yet no clear russian “ footprint ” on these issues can be discerned
i would also like to point out that maritime transport is a relatively environmentally friendly mode of transport
Il y a plus de vingt ans , le monde insistait pour que les marchés africains soient libéralisés , que les économies soient structurellement adaptées .
imports of hormone - treated meat
Elle lui fit couper du bois .
even so i had the painful experience of having to agree to a compromise on product placement
or is he simply biased because of the people he knows the company he works for or the attitudes he picked up at home
Nous sommes conscients de notre responsabilité politique .
i welcome parliament 's stance on the subject
it is a mistake and mr cohn - bendit agreed with me
Malheureusement , je crois qu' il a raison et , par conséquent , il est vital que nous nous concentrions sur ce problème et sur les moyens d' y remédier .
the threat of retaliation that underpins its strategic effectiveness remains implicit and hypothetical
thirdly i should like to put to you the following
under article 4(1 and 2 of the treaty on the european union the adoption of a constitution remains in the exclusive competence of the member state concerned
personally i think it is more worthwhile to highlight the reasons why we support the draft treaty
this text the result of the anti - democratic process of the convention is nothing more than the expression of the supporters of a market - based europe a europe of democratic and social regression
Ironiquement , je pense que c' est probablement la chose la plus importante que j' aurais pu tatouer sur mon corps - en partie en tant qu' écrivain , mais aussi en tant qu' être humain .
Des membres du parti turc au pouvoir étaient présents dans des bureaux de vote ailleurs dans le pays et regardaient les électeurs kurdes remplir les bulletins de vote .
fi mr president to some extent i understand the frustration felt by some of my fellow members concerning the urgency of a resolution on cesare battisti
Tom a utilisé un vide juridique .
the main focus of activity of the banking supervision committee is the analysis of structural developments and the monitoring of potential vulnerabilities in the banking sector
La Commission a déjà commencé à jeter les bases de ce sommet sur les Balkans ; nous espérons ainsi collaborer étroitement avec la présidence française pour ce qui est des préparatifs plus spécifiques .
J' aurais même la tentation , dans cet esprit , de faire voter contre un amendement de mon propre groupe .
Nous voyageons avec un budget serré .
the rules governing the occupation of a road transport operator must fulfil precisely defined criteria if we are to achieve the highest possible level of safety on our roads
mr parvanov took office less than three weeks ago and we are delighted that one of his first actions should be to visit the european parliament
Il semble que la Russie réserve toujours sa décision de signer ou non le protocole de Kyoto .
certain states such as israel have for many years now had armed personnel on their national airline ’s flights and i am not aware of any such accidents occurring to date
he wears a bow tie everyday
L' ampleur de la protestation s' est illustrée récemment par une initiative populaire contre la génétique qui a été soutenue jusqu' ici par 1 , 3 million de personnes .
the proposed amendments relate to four main issues market measures and final reform controls of the current regulation classification and labelling of olive oil and the activities of the organisations of market operators
Dans de nombreuses démocraties asiatiques , seule une reconstruction institutionnelle permettra d' éviter un effondrement .
L' objectif de la Commission de rendre la société de l' information accessible à tous , c' est de la démocratie .
Cela aussi a été évoqué dans la discussion .
par écrit . - ( PL ) L' achat de véhicules écologiques et économes pour le secteur public présente des avantages évidents .
Le 8 août cette année , il a ressenti la paralysie , et le 13 ses parents l' ont emmené chez le docteur .
Mais en sortant votre têtard le soir -- voilà des clichés de la promenade -- les voisins risquent de dire " Qu' est -ce que vous faites ? "
my fellow members are obviously guided by high - minded patriotic ideas of doing as much damage to the bulgarian government as possible
he took the job without giving it much thought
because the region shares many outward forms of european culture it is a short step to assuming that recent moves to free - markets and democracy will be seamless and permanent
i would just like to comment on the apple comparison
Ensuite , nous avons cette idées de la manière dont il est alors possible , grâce à des algorithmes , de percer certains de leurs mystères .
Parce que lorsqu' on entasse dans le bas de la pyramide des choses qui ne devraient pas y être , il se passe des choses bien effrayantes .
i agree with the view that there is a need to put effective pressure on member states to speed up the incorporation of the directive into national law and to complete this fully
mr president three brief remarks about the millennium round and cultural diversity
firstly the way italy and the italian government have been treated by the turkish authorities is unacceptable
no other course would be possible because there is no legislative process which is fast enough to allow further changes to be made in may
C' est quelque chose que nous avons obtenu .
Les Croates ont tout d' abord commencé par vendre des terres dans les territoires litigieux sur la rive gauche de la rivière Dragonja et ont ensuite construit un pont à Hotiza .
Des projets seront aussi mis en oeuvre dans le domaine du franchissement des frontières dans les corridors de transport principaux reliant les États nouvellement indépendants à l' Europe centrale et occidentale .
we shall await and watch closely with a critical eye to see and be convinced that they have the will and the stamina to stamp out the criminals from the police force and from other state institutions
Je me fais la même réflexion , Monsieur Zacharakis , mais vous comprendrez qu' il est inconvenant d' enlever , de façon drastique , le micro des députés .
Une des inquiétudes centrales porte sur le précédent créé par le retrait du sud - Liban en 2000 .
De nos calculs , il est apparu que selon notre raisonnement , 97 % des entreprises ne seraient pas touchées du tout .
Toutefois , référence est faite aux organisations reconnues légalement , à savoir les ONG , dont nous sommes tous familiers .
J' ai pour tâche de vous faire part de la conclusion de la commission économique et monétaire dans cette affaire et nos constatations sont simples et brèves .
Nous restons d’ avis que c’ est à l’ ONU de décider d’ intervenir , et non pas à des pays individuels ou à des coalitions de pays .
it is not a quota
Vous , monsieur , vous avez vos lunettes accrochées autour de votre cou de manière particulièrement élégante .
but our people had to do some 5,000 different mixes to get this right to hit our targets
they will only refer to property to be acquired in the future of states and transactions relating to properties actually to be acquired in the future
Je peux cependant vous dire , d' ores et déjà , que nous ne nous opposerons à pratiquement aucun des amendements portant sur les dispositions juridiques elles - mêmes .
Certains considèrent que la subsidiarité est la seule bonne réponse , d' autres , qu' il faut un cadre juridique communautaire .
correcting the flaws in the berlin agreement is the best way of restoring the netherlands to its rightful position in the european union
of course the fight against forced prostitution and the trafficking of human beings is very important but it must not be forgotten that all prostitution is forced even when there is no trafficking
- Monsieur le Président , Monsieur le Commissaire , Mesdames et Messieurs , je souhaiterais à mon tour adresser mes remerciements aux deux rapporteurs .
do n't fall off
that is why we welcome the commitment given by the governments of the neighbouring countries in kabul last month and call on them to cooperate unreservedly for the complete destruction of the terrorist networks that remain
a judge will issue a search warrant only if there is probable cause
En outre , il permettra d' améliorer la qualité de vie des citoyens , ainsi que l' environnement .
therefore the commission and member states need to launch campaigns to give smes clear and simple information on how to benefit from eu projects and programmes
how much might a possible defeat affect the future of the campaign for the total abolition of the death penalty
M. Veltroni sait que depuis cinquante ans , il y a en Italie une controverse entre les libéraux , Sturzo , Ernesto Rossi et ceux qui veulent continuer a subventionner le cinéma .
Nous sommes tout à fait disposés à collaborer mais il nous faut aussi envisager et analyser la question : où se situent les erreurs dans le chef des États membres , où se situent - elles dans le chef de la Commission ?
Le second point important concerne le domaine social .
Un des objectifs principaux des futurs cadres financiers consiste à créer des instruments pour amener la stratégie Europe 2020 au niveau de la base .
each of the countries of the middle east and north africa will face unique challenges which will have to be addressed on their own terms
Son secrétaire semble connaître la vérité .
Le contenu de la proposition de loi adoptée nous pousse toutefois à faire quelques observations critiques .
Cela suggère que les processus physiologiques qui sous-tendent la dépression , ceux qui peuvent également mener aux changements de structure du cerveau , ne sont pas définitifs et de ce fait , nous avons urgemment besoin d' une nouvelle génération d' antidépresseurs .
how it intends to solve this problem it does not yet know that is not yet understood
i have one final comment to make and that is that the programme is being complemented by corresponding national programmes in all the member states
En maintenant le plafond des ressources propres à 1,27 % du PNB , le Conseil s' en tient à la discipline budgétaire indispensable dans l' Union européenne .
J' ai pensé que peut - être la boite était partie .
it is the outcome of hard work and i should like to express the presidency ’s satisfaction
Les OPCVM sont des produits de marque - qui ont le potentiel d’ être améliorés , il faut bien l’ admettre - , mais l’ industrie est forte , avec quelque 450 millions de consommateurs potentiels et des milliers de personnes qui travaillent dans ce secteur .
when these buildings were constructed they were expected to more than pay for themselves
La présidence du Conseil prie instamment le Parlement de prendre une décision avant la fin de l' année .
it wo n’t only be in britain that politics from time to time becomes a bit too exciting
Je fus dans l' incapacité de me rendre à sa fête d' anniversaire .
are you a policeman
– the integration of existing education and training programmes financed by the european union into a single lifelong learning ’ programme is no accident
so if i going to be asked to put my life on the line then front me the cash man
Les idées essentielles sont les suivantes :
a great deal of capacity - building has to happen
we also need initiatives in the area of voluntary return and readmission
Ils sont censés être sur le point de gagner une majorité écrasante aux élections parlementaires à venir du 7 décembre et pourtant , comme Korsakov et sa clique , ils pourraient bien être défaits .
you would not perhaps have put the questions nor did you but when members of the other groups put them the commission has to deal with them
La Commission a déjà beaucoup contribué à la lutte contre la violence en Europe par le biais du programme Daphné .
Cette question n' est pas controversée .
i think it 's time for me to contact him by phone
Ces infrastructures sont nécessaires pour maintenir la qualité de vie de la population de ces régions et pour garantir qu’ elle restera favorable à l’ élargissement .
the porto alegre world social forum constitutes an opposing force whose influence is also being felt in europe
La « théorie de l’ efficience des marchés » d’ aujourd’ hui a réhabilité en économie l’ hypothèse de la connaissance parfaite en affirmant que tous les risques étaient correctement évalués .
by singling out americans british and israelis for their malign attention the terrorists extended the global islamist war against “ jews and crusaders ” to new territory
Comme la décharge pour 1996 n' a pas encore abouti , celle pour 1997 connaît naturellement des retards .
Donc j' ai été pris - dans un programme doctoral en Biophysique .
L' un des “ diagnostics ” qui apparaît fréquemment aux informations est “ l' hyperactivité / trouble déficitaire de l' attention . ”
Il s' agit de donner l' assurance à tous les citoyens que le nouvel aliment est sûr et ne nuit ni à la santé ni à l' environnement .
L' inflation est une mesure pondérée conformément à l' importance de chaque land .
the environment has gradually taken on an increasing importance in the construction of the european union
this was an essentially corrupt alliance between the former communist hierarchy economic oligarchs and state bureaucrats
Il ne suffit pas de dire qu' il " faut " diversifier et réduire la demande .
i will certainly make sure that your complaint appears in the minutes and is raised in the bureau
haiti must avoid a prolonged period of tent cities in which people are mere refugees
Maintenant , nous ne parvenons pas à la conclusion , mais nous nous voyons obligés de demander un report .
the state of arizona recently enacted legislation that encourages local police to check the immigration status of people who were stopped for other reasons – and requires immigrants to produce proof of their legal status on demand
firstly and as a rule the agency must when recruiting staff use the procedures generally customary in the eu
Premièrement , la participation active du Parlement européen à l' attribution de projets pour l' établissement de nouvelles connexions énergétiques , surtout entre les réseaux d' approvisionnement en gaz et en énergie des États membres , a été remarquée .
this is another contribution to reducing the costs of health care for us all
technological progress notably in the areas of telecommunications and information technology has fundamentally changed the perception of services and their potential role in international trade
the council is thinking in terms of a special envoy but it seems to me that that envoy will have to be one of the foremost political and governmental leaders we have available to us - no - one else will do
such a transitional period would at least give them the ability to plan their future
Tu dois remettre les rapports lundi .
Concernant le texte du considérant A , le groupe socialiste au Parlement européen proposait un amendement oral visant à écrire " allégation " au singulier au lieu du pluriel " allégations " .
first to ensure that the restructuring of gdansk shipyard leads to its own long - term viability
alone among the world ’s great nations the us did manage to guarantee dollar convertibility throughout the great war
certain situations have taken place recently in nicaragua that deserve to be highlighted
as i see it the amendments proposed by the ppe - de undermine this basis and the balance struck in the committee on employment and social affairs
Les témoins de l’ époque ont déclaré avoir vu des places entières couvertes des têtes d’ innocentes victimes .
to get to a typical place you 've got to go 1,000 times as far as that into intergalactic space
De plus , après la visite des ministres des affaires étrangères français , britannique et allemand , l' Iran a annoncé la suspension temporaire de son programme d' enrichissement .
Il faut que ce qui est payé par l' Union européenne soit géré pour l' Union européenne et ce qui est fait pour les États membres , soit géré par les États membres .
En poursuivant le développement du marché et en développant les activités de formation et de conseil par le biais du programme ALTENER , nous favoriserons l' utilisation des énergies renouvelables sur tout le territoire de l' Union européenne .
Je contracte toujours des rhumes en hiver .
La Commission va examiner les options disponibles .
En totale contradiction avec la « feuille de route » - entre autres - , Israël a entamé la construction de bâtiments dans la zone E1 .
power in a network flows from connectedness or what network theorists call “ centrality ”
La proposition de directive sur la gestion des infrastructures routières offre une bonne combinaison de mesures préventives et correctives .
La mise en place de ce système a dépendu en grande partie du soutien de l’ Amérique .
Thaler et Sunstein pensent aussi que faire don de ses organes est une bonne chose .
i think the honourable member accepts that one is looking for steady trends rather than being too nailed down to specific figures in specific years in specific countries
Le label écologique européen a besoin de critères clairs et pourrait mettre un terme à la prolifération de marques bien intentionnées de toutes sortes .
Pour prendre en compte ce paramètre , il faut que les actionnaires puissent voter des résolutions contraignantes quant aux dépenses politiques des entreprises lors de l' assemblée générale annuelle .
introduce democracy in all legislation
L' OMC elle - même nous a récemment confirmé que les États - Unis sont manifestement d' accord car c' est sur cette base qu' ils interdisent l' importation et la vente de fourrures de chiens et de chats .
you can determine the sex of the individual based on the size of the teeth
the member states have often acted short - sightedly and without proper consideration with catastrophic human suffering as a consequence
Cela me dépasse !
what horrible weather
En l' espèce , il s' agirait de financer le tunnel de base du Brenner ainsi que tout l' axe allant de Munich à Vérone qui , d' après un devis de 1992 , coûteraient 13.000 mécus , soit 25.000 milliards de lires .
i must stress however that we can not stay silent when things we construct with resources provided by the european union are then senselessly destroyed within a short time
Néanmoins , pour ce qui est de la protection des droits des citoyens , nous devons être cohérents , ce qui implique le contrôle de la mise en œuvre dans les États membres .
Nous avons beaucoup apprécié votre présence et votre contribution au débat .
i would thank the commissioner for his sound cooperation and for the fine work which he can be relied upon to carry out and which is of enormous importance especially for small countries
Comme lieu d' expression de la volonté des peuples et des valeurs démocratiques , elle a en effet un rôle central à jouer .
Quelle que soit la manière dont la proposition de l' Assemblée sera appliquée , j' estime que la proposition de modification de la directive est souhaitable et je soutiendrai donc la recommandation pour la deuxième lecture .
Déplacez tout un peu vers la gauche et vous obtenez les problèmes auxquels est confronté le président Lula Ignacio da Silva au Brésil .
Nous devons veiller à ce que l' aide arrive à destination et il faut pour cela obtenir la levée du siège et l' ouverture des points de passage .
so we are consulted on these guidelines but this consultation is informal
Cela pose une difficulté supplémentaire pour la mise en œuvre de politiques efficaces traitant le problème à sa source .
Les ports font également partie de notre marché intérieur , et ils doivent donc respecter les normes communautaires applicables .
well we certainly try
i think that we should do our utmost firstly to ensure that peace and democracy are in place in iraq itself
i think that the review of this seventh framework programme is absolutely crucial
an across - the - board reduction in tax rates performs poorly in terms of budgetary effectiveness the number of jobs created per dollar of foregone revenue
Comparez l' ensemble B en haut à gauche à l' ensemble A en bas à gauche .
Le budget national pourrait doubler et pourrait - espérons - le - assurer la couverture financière de fonctions essentielles de l' État et stimuler l' économie .
Des initiatives dans ces trois domaines contribueraient à créer une institution multilatérale qui aurait l' autorité et l' expertise voulue pour conseiller les pays membres sur les problèmes de contrôle et de régulation d' importance systémique .
Mais il y a une autre façon de voir le SSPT .
no one expects any miracles but they do expect the right approach
stopping all armaments exports and supplies of small arms to potential areas of conflict will play a crucial role
Objet : Crise alimentaire mondiale
if there 's something that is copied with variation and it 's selected then you must get design appearing out of nowhere
i am referring to the words in article 8 about ensuring access to incumbents and their approach to the market
Combien d' heures travaillez - vous normalement ?
Mais si les Etats - Unis échouent à restaurer l’ épargne des ménages , leur déficit des comptes courants ne disparaîtra pas , quelle que soit la position du dollar .
Après tout , une vision sans application reste lettre morte .
when the icty was set up in 1993 the domestic judicial systems in the former yugoslavia were unprepared for dealing with crimes of this scale
Personne ne s' occupe de moi .
we have lost 25 percent of the unique species in hawaii in the last 20 years california is expected to lose 25 percent of its species in the next 40 years
innovative research and appropriate investment under the cap will help agriculture become a powerful tool in the fight against climate change and pollution of the atmosphere
Bien que la majorité des citoyens de ces pays aient soutenu l' adhésion à l' UE , beaucoup ont estimé que leurs gouvernements avaient payé un prix trop élevé .
what he said turned out to be true
in a smaller sphere of operations the ecs envisages economic development in cambodia laos myanmar and vietnam
La future politique de l' Union européenne devra aussi promouvoir des investissements durables , respectueux de l' environnement ( en particulier dans le domaine des industries extractives ) et favoriser des conditions de travail de qualité dans les entreprises visées par les investissements .
the bigger you are life gets faster
some local governments see their role as being to provide basic services like collecting the trash and maintaining the roads – and of course collecting the taxes to pay for this
do you also like jazz
Permettez - moi de citer un exemple de mesure dont le coût me semble prohibitif .
this is particularly the case in category 4
and i crack up at this piece because when i see it i know that 's french angora and all antique german ribbons and wool that i got in a nebraska mill and carried around for 10 years and then antique chinese skirts
Oui , dans le domaine de la cohésion , une réduction notable des erreurs au niveau des paiements a été enregistrée , ce qui est une bonne chose , même si les erreurs sont encore trop nombreuses .
Deuxièmement , il fallait résoudre un certain nombre de problèmes spécifiques .
the second thing that i believe we must demonstrate is that we are helping smes in what is currently the most critical factor namely access to and availability of credit
Je terminerai par ceci : s' il y a un problème , ce problème est lié au manque d' harmonisation des législations électorales nationales .
( LT ) Monsieur le Président , permettez - moi de poser la question suivante .
Je salue le fait qu' une coopération plus étroite entre ces deux institutions aidera les États membres à transposer la législation de l' Union européenne en droit national aussi rapidement et efficacement que possible .
i welcome the report by my dutch colleague in the group of the european people 's party christian democrats mrs oomen - ruijten
the oral amendment was accepted
La situation changera peut - être après les élections présidentielles puisque les deux candidats , Barack Obama et John McCain , promettent de prendre la question plus au sérieux .
they are hesitant to commit and share out the funds needed to accept the refugees yet the high cost of the weapons used has never been challenged
when the european council opened the way for turkish membership in 1999 it fully took into account the establishment of the european political union by the maastricht treaty years earlier
do n't leave me
Il faut aussi comparer les types d' environnement dans lesquels nous opérons en Europe .
the first step to correcting a mistake is patience
Les experts et les spécialistes du secteur de l' expérimentation animale , les chercheurs , les secteurs de l' industrie directement concernés et les citoyens ont participé à l' élaboration d' une proposition définissant des procédures transparentes et sans exceptions .
Monsieur le Président , j' avais dit au début que je reprendrais les quatre minutes de M. Schulz . J' ai donc parlé tant au nom de la commission juridique qu' au nom de mon groupe .
freedom of the media is essential to the good governance of public or private bodies and contributes to the achievement of the millennium development goals of creating a safe poverty - free world by 2015
Je ne pouvais pas manger de poisson quand j' étais petit .
Ils sont loin d’ y être parvenus .
i would ask the president - in - office of the council to do the impossible and to create the necessary legal basis and agreements
Les inondations et les sécheresses se multiplieront , tandis que le niveau des océans s’ élèvera de plusieurs mètres , bouleversant les vies et les moyens d’ existence et provoquant d’ énormes mouvements de populations et des conflits inévitables tout autour du globe .
as you know the house is sovereign which is a principle of democracy
i think you 're being a little too careful
Et le résultat c' est que nous avons des maladies .
we are simply proposing a more effective use of the competencies which have already been granted
Entrant dans le fond de ce débat , je dois signaler qu' après le résultat du dernier Conseil de ministres de la pêche et après avoir entendu la déclaration de madame le commissaire , nous avons une sensation d' immense frustration et de désarroi .
Ce rapport peut en effet se résumer comme une tentative destinée à régulariser une extension illégale et antidémocratique de la juridiction européenne .
Mais les négociations centralisées des salaires imposent le même salaire partout .
it will be an enormous challenge in the next few years to remove the most dangerous substances from the production process and from products
S' il était sérieux en disant cela , il devrait également convaincre ces mêmes partenaires que le maintien du commerce hors taxes préservera de nombreux emplois .
whatever happened to the agreement being negotiated by frontex with turkey today
Les lions se sont battus entre eux pour obtenir de la nourriture .
Et elle ne va sans doute pas disparaître bientôt , bien que les prix alimentaires se calment pour le moment .
we should not specify that in every case there should be a framework directive
Et nous sommes sûrs qu' il bénéficiera de l' appui de l' ensemble du Parlement pour poursuivre ses travaux en faveur de la paix aux quatre coins d' Europe et du monde .
C' est pourquoi nous avons besoin d' établir une nouvelle relation de coopération .
Il ne faut pas laisser les nouveaux chômeurs devenir des chômeurs de longue durée .
Elle nous dit que la route était fermée .
Je suis ravi que le Parlement ait largement soutenu ma recommandation visant à approuver la conclusion de l' APE intérimaire entre la Communauté européenne et les États du Pacifique .
Cette interdiction est prévue pour juillet 2003 .
J' ai essayé d' appeler mais ils n' ont pas répondu .
Ce serait alors aux tribunaux de trancher .
he speaks english a little
Par conséquent , le point de l' excellent rapport de M. Jarzembowski concernant une étude de reconnaissance , recommandée à la Commission , sur les différentes catégories de ports européens , revêt une grande importance .
tom is an excellent cricket player
La première chose est ce que j' appelle ...
Il est difficile de voir combien le mouvement du commerce équitable peut contribuer à résoudre ce problème , dans la mesure où la seule politique sérieuse permettant de stabiliser les revenus des producteurs consiste en un contrôle de l’ offre .
i fully agree with the report 's analysis of the prerequisites of successful cfsp action
Je crois que nous ne le faisons pas et que c' est une lacune . Il faut en être conscient .
but there will be no clear - cut change in policy direction
J' étais très heureux quand j' entendis les nouvelles .
the aim of hungary and of the other new member states is to see that all legal and administrative obstacles currently hindering the free movement of workers in the european union are lifted
Si Pie XII commit le péché d’ espoir , ce fut un noble péché .
Je pars demain pour les États - Unis .
Les Américains subissent comme nous l' explosion des prix producteurs .
one recent survey shows that the number of users registered with china 's ten most popular bulletin boards which focus on news and political affairs range from 100,000 to 500,000
Elle a des avantages et des inconvénients .
Je suis cependant réaliste , et je dirais que nous devons maintenant vivre avec ce traité .
this is a serious matter and i do not think it is enough to say that we are trying to get back to the negotiating table on human rights
Où se passe la frontière entre Occident et Orient ?
dissidents just released from jail and eminent emigres suddenly returned home
commissioner ladies and gentlemen the aim of reforming the wine market is to encourage the production of acceptable good - quality wines
Il insiste à juste titre sur la responsabilité de l' Union dans la résolution des conflits gelés , surtout en Transnistrie et dans le Haut - Karabagh , dans notre voisinage immédiat , et les bonnes relations avec l' Ukraine .
these accidents are justify and emphasize the importance of this directive
Mais à un moment , il faut savoir oublier les fantômes du passé et se tourner vers l' avenir .
BRUXELLES – Le prix de la liberté , dit - on , est une vigilance éternelle .
i agree with the rapporteur mrs scheele that the commission ’s proposal should be rejected
they have heroin addiction and also prostitution in iran
Le problème est très grave .
Et alors on est allé au Lycée Thurgood Marshall , qui est une école avec laquelle on avait travaillé pour d' autres raisons , et nous avons donné cette consigne aux élèves .
and i remember thinking i mean why do n't these guys just take me to a cheap school
Où vivez - vous tous ?
i wonder whether the commissioner in his summing up can state that every other member state now meets equally high standards in beef production and slaughter
Monsieur le Président , je prends la parole , non sur le fond de la question de M. Alavanos , mais pour faire une observation et poser une question à M. le ministre à propos de la réponse qu' il vient de donner .
questions 63 64 and 77 will not be answered because they deal with topics that are already included in the order of business for the current part - session
the proposal we are now discussing is largely based upon the aarhus convention which we consider to be an unusually positive and far - sighted example of international cooperation in this area
criminals must know they will never go unpunished anywhere
why are we simply taking the automobile industry 's word for it - and we have just heard this again - that the technology is not yet sufficiently advanced
Même si elles proviennent de pays et de régions spécifiques , toutes ces expressions artistiques font partie d' un héritage culturel commun : celui de l' Europe .
Monsieur le Président , je tiens à informer cette Assemblée de la situation concernant le nombre d' abonnements au magazine Focus on Europe , publié par le Parlement européen .
he reminded his audience of the street fighting in beirut in may 2008 and made clear that hezbollah would not shy away from another fight if necessary
it is intolerable because populations and children in particular are starving and are in vital need of aid
it is true that we have had other similar debates in the european parliament but we can not really allow the current urgent debate to go unheeded
Je me serais certainement réjoui d' une pleine participation des parlementaires jusqu' à la fin du sommet .
La législation sur les brevets est très technique et compliquée , et des questions telles que celle - ci ont des ramifications d' une portée considérable .
keynesian economics in turn abstracted from the problem of official incompetence and corruption by assuming that governments were run by omniscient benevolent experts
i have confidence in his abilities
Nous devrions donc envisager les procédures de simplification qui promeuvent les cultures susceptibles de servir de composants biologiques dans les biocarburants .
there 's a benefit of 400 million years of ambulation
Alors le fil s' est légèrement échauffé et ces 13 mille ampères ont rencontré soudainement de la résistance electrique .
are higher costs not precisely the price we must pay for improving safety
En ce qui concerne l' élargissement , la présidence britannique entend poursuivre deux objectifs qui se veulent importants mais aussi pratiques .
Alors voilà plusieurs années que j' ai fait faire mon propre tatouage .
Effectivement , relancer une économie sans avoir réinstauré la préférence communautaire à nos frontières , c' est vouloir réchauffer une maison dont les fenêtres seraient condamnées à rester ouvertes .
i would like to say to everyone who constantly maintains that the european budget is exposed to major risks it is true that european spending should certainly be subject to more consistent controls than national spending
Cela me paraît être une grave erreur et je demande qu' elle soit réparée le plus rapidement possible .
Souligne qu’ en fin de compte le développement d’ emplois de qualité s’ accompagnera d’ une amélioration de la productivité de la main - d’ œuvre en Europe . »
Les projets Leader , par exemple , ne sont pas toujours dirigés par des femmes .
Enfin , mais ce n' est pas moins important , pour réagir à M. Verhofstadt , il n' est pas sage de stigmatiser un État membre alors que plusieurs sont des contributeurs nets au budget .
Cette résolution est un pas en avant dans la confirmation de ces valeurs .
Nous parlons ici de règles minimales dans l' Union européenne .
· since successful tb treatment outcomes are below the 85 % threshold an enhancement of national tb control programs is needed in most european countries
Le 5 février , Colin Powell présentera le dossier de l' Amérique contre l' Irak devant le Conseil de sécurité des Nations Unies .
A ce taux , les infrastructures et la compétitivité du pays vont inévitablement pâtir .
the provision of food and feed over the years since we first began to introduce a general food and feed law suggests that we need to have measures that apply right across the community
Mon collègue canadien Mark Kamstra et moi - même avons proposé d’ émettre des parts appelées « trilles , » qui chaque année rendraient un dividende équivalent à un billionième du PIB de l’ année , en monnaie nationale .
Si vous y arrivez , vous atteindrez l' âge de 150 , voire 300 ans .
Vous connaissez la rengaine : les pays du Nord traversent depuis trente ans une crise récurrente de surproduction agricole , mais la terre compte toujours 800 millions d' affamés .
J' aurais mieux fait de ne pas l' appeler .
Vu le niveau de la concurrence , particulièrement celle des États - Unis d' Amérique , nous avons besoin de ce terrain de jeu compétitif équitable .
Pour le reste , je pense qu' il a convenablement soupesé les intérêts contradictoires de ce dossier .
i therefore urge you mrs wallström to make sure that 2009 is not a wasted year
the commission will now do its part for the duration of the programme tabling motions for measures that will be required to implement the result we now have before us
Allez bon .
currently only sweden denmark portugal and the united kingdom have reached this target
a low entropy configuration is one in which there 's only a few arrangements that look that way
to conclude madam president i would like draw attention to rural development
C' est facile à dire , mais beaucoup plus difficile à faire .
allow me a more general remark which has nothing to do with mrs tumpel - gugerell 's candidacy
there should be a universal right to decent work and non - discrimination and the caste system as it currently exists in india guarantees neither of these right to dalits
Je souhaiterais exprimer mes craintes sérieuses concernant la marche récemment organisée par le parti hongrois Jobbik dans la province autrichienne de Burgenland , lors de laquelle des armes à feu ainsi que des baïonnettes au canon ont été observées .
Un vote en faveur de la décharge ne signifie pas que la situation est totalement idéale .
but to have an effective healthcare system in operation we need healthcare workers people who are well trained committed and who are devoted to the care of their fellow human beings
or should i say the ten plus one or rather and i emphasize the one plus ten countries
Dans des systèmes de listes fermées , les listes de candidats devraient être alternées : un homme , une femme , un homme , une femme ( ou l’ inverse ) .
Et il a dit : " C' est tout phénomène mesurable qui nous permet d' indiquer la présence de vie " .
we have a tight calendar to work to
and yet it 's made from parts that are invisible or near - invisible to the naked eye bacteria and grains of sand
Si les citoyens des États européens ne se rendent pas compte de l’ importance pour l’ humanité de l’ existence , de l’ unification et du renforcement ultérieurs de l’ Union européenne , alors je prédis qu’ aucune proposition constitutionnelle ne sera acceptée à l’ avenir .
Tourne vers la gauche au premier feu .
Tu as juste fait ça .
Les prévisions de la Commission donnent une indication des perspectives .
rather like the irish population when they run a referendum you can never rely on it to behave
Un trou noir ordinaire semblerait être l' état final d' une étoile très massive .
the idea is to promote better practices to avoid ending up with ‘ positive discrimination ’ or the quota system advocated by some
in other words we face the problem that it is impossible in practical terms to explain to consumers the decisions that we have jointly taken and consider to be sensible
he is taller than i.
Pour moi et mes collègues du Parlement européen , il symbolisait l' échec des contrôles de l' État du pavillon .
Il est primordial d' avoir accès au capital de départ , car ces entreprises seront fondées ou gérées par des jeunes .
Quiconque a -t -il vu ce qui s' est passé ?
it has been pointed out repeatedly that the election of members of the human rights council is of the utmost importance
situation in the democratic republic of congo and rape as a war crime debate
i would therefore urge the commissioner to take his time in assessing the measures taken before producing new measures
La commission de Goldstone pense qu’ un échec à ce niveau forcerait le Conseil de sécurité à transmettre le cas au procureur de la Cour pénale internationale à La Haye .
On pourrait voir , par exemple , que le turc , l’ arabe , le chinois ou le russe sont des langues importantes dans l’ Union et que les enfants d’ immigrants sont les plus susceptibles d’ être capables de parler deux langues autres que leur langue maternelle .
On a un peu traîné les pieds ces dernières années relativement à ceux - ci , or pour l' approvisionnement en nouveaux carburants alternatifs , comme le gaz ou l' hydrogène , leur importance est maintenant vitale .
Nous savons , par contre , ce que ces gens faisaient : ils participaient à une manifestation pacifique , en agitant des drapeaux tibétains ou en distribuant des tracts .
the second compelling point in his report is that he wants the finance ministers of the member states to sign for any spending themselves
Il ment outrageusement .
this mother diane downs shot her kids at close range drove them to the hospital while they bled all over the car claimed a scraggy - haired stranger did it
meg was the only girl that was wearing jeans
it is therefore worth giving careful consideration to this issue
Mais comme vous le savez , pour faire face à ces problèmes , il a fallu d' innombrables discussions au sein de la Commission européenne , discussions qui , semble -t -il , n' ont débouché sur rien de tangible , sur aucune proposition concrète .
parliament considers that the development of the cfr is unpredictable and that the ultimate long - term outcome might be a european code of obligations or even a full - blown european civil code
Quelles possibilités avons - nous d' obtenir les fonds nécessaires ?
Tom ne veut pas vivre à Boston .
Une solidarité consistant à aider nos partenaires à relever ces défis d’ une manière compatible avec le respect des êtres humains et des principes démocratiques .
Et le gouvernement chinois -- avec lequel je travaille maintenant -- avance dans cette optique .
in this critical context we must combine our efforts to eradicate this harm which is eroding us
but the story of the vending machine is a little more interesting if you know more about crows
i should like to take this opportunity to thank mr schmidt for his hard work on this compromise and congratulate him on the successful outcome
which ngos and which of their activities which contribute to the further development and implementation of the community 's environmental policy and legislation have so far received funding
Donc , les créateurs de mode possèdent la palette la plus large qu' on puisse imaginer dans le secteur de la création .
La Chine est parfaitement consciente du fait qu' il n' est pas dans son intérêt de répéter les événements de 2005 .
La satisfaction client est notre priorité numéro un .
Les Etats - Unis doivent en grande partie leur prédominance dans le monde de la finance internationale au statut du dollar comme monnaie de référence .
sheikh jarrah is far from the worst case
indeed syafi’i ma’arif the former chair of muhammadiyah has made pluralist arguments grounded in the koran against blind obedience to islamic classical jurisprudence
Dans le cadre de la politique énergétique européenne , la Commission et les États membres devraient identifier les investissements nécessaires pour répondre aux besoins stratégiques de l' UE en termes d' offre et de demande de gaz naturel et d' électricité .
i am not teetotal nor do i wish to be sanctimonious about this but we have to be realistic about the situation that exists in europe today
Je ne pense pas , par exemple , que vous pourrez un jour consulter un super ordinateur pour vous dire si vous devez ou pas , avoir un second enfant , ou si nous devons bombarder les installations nucléaires iraniennes , ou si vous pouvez déduire vos dépenses à cette conférence TED comme des frais professionnels Mais pour les questions touchant au bien-être humain alors nous avons des réponses , que nous sachions ou pas , les trouver .
the court must rule on german plaintiffs ’ claim that legislation to establish the esm would violate germany ’s grundgesetz basic law
Nous assurons pour que l' embase télé-médicale donne accès aux experts médicaux spécialisés n' importe où dans le monde , juste en cliquant sur un bouton .
Je pense en particulier aux campagnes d' information et aux programmes visant à traiter la dépendance à l' égard du tabac .
what would happen if we allowed the use of these juggernauts of up to 60 tonnes
in this line of work if you make a grim face the customers wo n't come
La part du budget européen consacrée à l' innovation doit augmenter de façon substantielle , et j' espère que les prochaines perspectives financières 2014 - 2020 iront dans ce sens .
it 's going to be really hard for us to individually affect what 's rational for every frankie and every ines out there but you can at least use your vote to stop politicians doing stupid things that spread hiv
she 's a pain in the ass
C' est pas beau à voir .
Il y a dix ans , le pacte de stabilité et de croissance a été signé avec un engagement solennel selon lequel il garderait en ordre les finances publiques .
i should like here to point out that there are major problems in accessing housing in numerous towns and regions in europe which are not necessarily on the territory of a new member state
today we are facing the challenge of balancing further enlargement with the european union 's absorption capacity
why do we always assume that the gentleman in brussels knows better than the ordinary voter
only one in six aids patients receives medication
the third option which we are probably tending towards is to do both
chair of the subcommittee on human rights - mr president i have some very good human rights news
Elle s' attend à ce que le Royaume - Uni fasse de même , non seulement en prenant toutes les mesures nécessaires pour redonner confiance aux consommateurs et pour stabiliser le marché , mais aussi pour permettre aux institutions de fonctionner normalement .
La politique européenne de voisinage et le plan d’ action qui sera bientôt révisé pour la première fois sous la présidence autrichienne nous offrent un ensemble d’ instruments appropriés .
the police found a dead body in an abandoned car near the park
the commission has given the swedish department of education the task of developing a school computer network which will be used throughout europe
i 'm happy to share a little more love in the world it 's great but here 's your prescription from dr love eight hugs a day
Elle m' a collé un coup de pied dans les parties .
a sort of symbolic turning point as we move from 2006 to 2007 -- that maybe you know the future was the most powerful innovative sort of nation
Nous devons nettoyer notre salle de classe .
as far as the proposal for a regulation is concerned we can accept most of the proposed amendments namely amendments nos 1 to 8 13 to 18 and 20
we are talking about a right relating to the application or implementation of the substantive content
Donc pour la théorie quantique des champs , elles se manifestent comme des points et interagissent de cette façon .
Nous n' avons pas à nous féliciter à nouveau , nous avons fait du très bon travail ensemble .
that one you can see that we tagged both off kerry
therefore the next step will be the white paper on communication which is meant to engage all stakeholders and all institutions
madam president the commission attaches great importance to the effects that advertising might have on children ’s behaviour
great as is the sensuous beauty of gems their rarity and price adds an expression of distinction to them which they would never have if they were cheap
Donc , ce n’ est pas simplement une question institutionnelle , c’ est aussi une question de volonté politique .
as mr de castro is not present mr le foll who is replacing mr de castro has the floor
agreement has been reached for the launch of a single currency on 1st january next year
do we get to go someday to pets r us and say look i want a dog
Je soutiens aussi sans hésitation l' exigence qui veut que l' octroi des bourses soit sensiblement modifié et que chacun ne reçoive pas automatiquement une bourse trop modeste pour vivre et trop importante pour mourir .
in the case of all the countries the financial assistance is to be provided in two tranches with the second tranche only being released once economic development and reforms have been satisfactorily resumed
but what they ca n't deal with is anthropogenic stresses human things like this picture that shows a leatherback caught at night in a gill net
enlargement however is continuing
Mais si nous examinons le passé , nous constatons que le cycle libéral des années 1950 et 1960 a mieux réussi que le cycle conservateur qui a suivi .
La coopération européenne au développement doit donc cesser d' être un élément politiquement résiduel et doit devenir le point essentiel de notre politique extérieure et nous aider à réorienter nos choix stratégiques .
Ne vous inquiétez pas .
against all expectations we became good friends
in all 16 people were killed mainly israelis
La Commission doit par ailleurs lancer un fonds de garantie pour les trois prochains mois .
Je pense que les gens ont besoin qu’ on leur dise que l’ Union européenne est un succès sans précédent comparé à tout ce qui s’ est produit antérieurement à n’ importe quel moment de l’ histoire , suivant une consultation sans précédent .
La Commission(1 ) ne voit pas d’ objections à la plupart des amendements proposés concernant l’ Agence ferroviaire européenne .
À cause des dispersants , le pétrole passe dessous les barrières .
this is unfair
in today 's vote on the eu strategy for the climate conference in copenhagen the european parliament adopted a radical and unrealistic position
Comme vous le savez , le mécanisme de soutien des balances des paiements n' avait pas été utilisé depuis 1993 .
so basically this is my point if you see something that 's not possible make it possible
Observez les publicités .
this will ensure that we arrive at the new agenda 2006 with a major element of added value for everyone
we are therefore a long way from being the world 's most competitive region
we must make sure that it is made clear that our approach is not inspired by protectionist purposes as mr ettl and mr chanterie rightly pointed out
Le bus est arrivé dix minutes en retard .
this includes an improved social incentive scheme and extends the base for withdrawal of gsps to cover serious infringements of all ilo core conventions
such support is intended to enable the board to select the first knowledge and innovation communities kics within the 18-month deadline and will in no way pre - empt its strategic decision - making
it is easy to work in jeans
i want my annoyance noted
i 'll tell you what swap over positions
Je tiens dès lors à réaffirmer que les engagements que nous avons pris à Kigali lors de la 14e session de l' Assemblée parlementaire paritaire sont fondamentaux pour nos actions .
Toutefois , il ne suffit pas de tomber d’ accord sur les choses à faire : un effort sérieux et soutenu s’ impose , ainsi que les moyens de les mettre en œuvre . Nous n’ avons ni l’ un ni l’ autre .
La notion d’ une division entre le Nord , riche , et le Sud , pauvre et en développement , a pendant longtemps été au centre des concepts des économistes et des décisionnaires .
occasionally we have had some differences of view but i think in general my experience is that it was worthwhile working here
of course it also gives direction and a specific character to the many possibilities open to us there which we also have at regional level
Sincèrement , qui parmi vous ne s' est pas laissé tenter par une hypothèque liée à une assurance vie ?
i shall in particular recommend to the commission that it adheres to your opinion on three major points in respect of the block exemption regulations
with this in mind our group will be alongside the new commission ensuring that we succeed in the joint enterprise of shaping this european union with the commission playing a decisive role possessing as it does the power of initiative
Ce n’ est absolument pas logique !
but i think from the point of view of a neanderthal there would have been a lot of disapproval of the wimpish choppers that we now have
( CS ) Monsieur le Président , je voudrais , moi aussi , dire quelques mots sur la maladie d' Alzheimer .
Comment mieux prouver que l' Europe est là pour ses citoyens ?
as regards vis in april 2009 the contractor began a series of tests on the central system in order to assess the progress made
Examiné dans un contexte historique , le prix actuel du baril de pétrole , qui dépasse les 55 dollars , est largement supérieur au niveau de 40 dollars qui , avait - on estimé , ralentirait considérablement la croissance économique mondiale .
let me remind you that directive 94/37 relating to the protection of young people forbids child labour in member states
he aspired to the position of prime minister
a viable russia policy for europe must recognize europe ’s growing dependence on russian energy resources
Parmi les 25 amendements présentés et adoptés par le Parlement européen en première lecture , le Conseil en a jusqu' ici accepté 14 .
poor countries do not and will not accept a system of climate control that condemns them to continued poverty
and some of you may argue well do n't today 's cell phones do that already
it has not previously been put to me that the presidency should approach the commission to issue the advisory note because clearly up until now the position has been clear in relation to this as in relation to other directives
with your agreement i shall interrupt the blue - card procedure because there are another three requests
that is the worst thing you can do
agriculture should not be a field whose fate is decided beforehand and whose funds are systematically deviated
it had worked for hours
let us also not fool ourselves into thinking that this policy will become less restrictive in the coming years
D' autres secteurs disposent des instruments nécessaires à cette fin et sont donc responsables de la solution des problèmes structurels .
Nous devrions donc leur permettre d' y accéder , avant le Brésil , les États - Unis ou l' Australie .
Le gouvernement américain et de nombreux observateurs pensent que si les États - Unis parviennent à établir les services de base à Bagdad , et peut - être à capturer Saddam Hussein , la situation s' apaisera .
Cette réputation n’ est pas usurpée .
Néanmoins , il est possible que la situation se détériore davantage , l' accès à la bande de Gaza demeurant un problème .
i think however that mr beysen deserves special praise for his hard work in contacting the other groups right from the start in order to ensure the report was as unanimous as possible before it was tabled in plenary
Que pensent - ils de la loi sur la continuité , qui va donner la parole au peuple israélien , par la voie du référendum , sur l' occupation des territoires occupés ?
Il est donc incohérent que , dans le dossier relatif à la demande d' autorisation , cela n' apparaisse pas .
in other words the causes of a number of supposed terrorist activities must be tackled
your commission is in the process of approving the production and distribution on the european market of new medicinal and other products the harmlessness of which in the short and medium term is far from guaranteed
and that 's nothing
Monsieur le Président , Mesdames et Messieurs , Madame la Commissaire , mon groupe veut féliciter les deux rapporteurs et apporter un vote favorable à leurs rapports .
if it does not it needs changing
Parmi les quelques uns qui tirent encore les ficelles du pouvoir à Bangkok , il y en a peu qui pourraient honnêtement jeter la première pierre .
Et il y a un lien avec la fait de marcher un kilomètre , en observant , à chaque kilomètre , un objet particulier du désir , et en le plaçant sur celui - ci .
C' est le seul pays .
Nul d' entre nous ne peut dire en quelle année nous y parviendrons , mais c' est un petit pas dans la bonne direction .
pt madam president commissioner i should like to begin by thanking the rapporteur mr lange and the shadow rapporteurs on the work they did mrs grossetête in particular
Par conséquent , nous ne devons pas nous égarer dans les statistiques ou dans les tenants et aboutissants juridiques .
these are questions for a later day – at least in many countries prospects of a robust recovery are at best a year or two away
so we must take responsibility for these animals regardless of whether they are in our country or have been exported
L' Europe est donc responsable de sa propre législation , de ce que les individus peuvent faire , et nous , nous pouvons faire quelque chose .
my fellow members and i are setting fundamental goals for ourselves in the european union
J' ai commencé à écrire à propos des choses que je pouvais reconnaître .
you 're back late what have you been up to
in june the commission issued a communication on network and information security which i presented this morning in this house in detail
the people of my country will not accept an unelected failure or anybody else taking precedence over our queen
C' est pourquoi je propose d' adopter , pour l' essentiel , la proposition de la Commission , étant donné qu' elle répond à trois objectifs politiques importants .
it is splendid to see you doing what you promised
J' invite instamment les États membres de l' UE à traiter ces problèmes avec le plus grand sérieux .
-L’ ordre du jour appelle le rapport(A5 - 0335/2003 de M. Maaten , au nom de la commission de l’ environnement , de la santé publique et de la politique des consommateurs , concernant la qualité des eaux de baignade .
secondly knowledge the proposal for a european institute of technology excited some debate
without european measures our fifteen governments will not succeed individually
traveling is a lot of fun
Elle espère que les efforts continus déployés pour garantir la libération des six soldats encore retenus aboutiront .
Mais bien entendu ce principe général peut être souffrir des exceptions défendables .
safety is the highest priority during the process of dismantling nuclear power stations and this is emphasised in the statement
- Monsieur le Président , Madame la Commissaire , merci pour les informations que vous nous avez données , et sincères félicitations pour l’ excellent travail accompli au cours de cette législature .
Avez - vous la moindre idée de qui ferait ça ?
Je pense aussi que vous avez été utilisé par le gouvernement britannique .
let me also make one or two observations regarding cooperation with parliament which we all consider to be of prime importance
Je pense que nous avons relevé ces défis de façon satisfaisante et que la Commission a apporté l’ élan et l’ orientation politique nécessaires .
we hope you will also identify ways in which you would like more support from this house in what is for us an absolutely crucial development for the future of the commission and indeed for the future of europe itself
Es - tu déjà allé à Venise ?
in several cases these are becoming global standards and the next stage is to ensure that the regulation governing this area is properly implemented and evenly enforced across the european union
all these dimensions are vital ways to guarantee this common energy security that we all want
the creation of a european centre responsible for intervention and coordination in the event of exceptional natural disasters is an absolute must
Mais le monde est très différent aujourd’hui du monde en ruines de 1945 .
Nous ne voulons pas d' un héros unique .
put simply it is a question of men 's power over women
La production de masse favorise l’ émergence de méga - banques , de sorte que , au contraire des erreurs de jugements des banquiers traditionnels , les modèles défectueux de ces monstres ont eu des conséquences désastreuses .
Mais en fait cette nuit - là , ça a été encore plus amusant .
La récente réunion des ministres de la culture à Galway a permis un échange de vues constructif sur les politiques culturelles de l' Union .
Les Français ne peuvent pas tenir un nouveau référendum , car cela pourrait tenter les Britanniques de les imiter , et nous savons tous bien que ces derniers rejetteront la nouvelle Constitution - oh , pardon - le " traité " .
now that 's an explanation about how the universe could have more dimensions than the ones that we see
La sécurité juridique , cela signifie que les ingénieurs en mécanique savent exactement quelles règles ils doivent respecter et quelles réglementations sont réellement en vigueur , et qu’ ils ne sont pas dans le flou .
if they were not following precise orders they were at least responding to vague pro forma instructions from the top do n't do anything illegal just maximize profits
in the netherlands for instance feed producers undertook to use only safe ingredients as part of their quality assurance scheme
in written question e-3061/96 i argued that an impact assessment should be carried out before tax - free sales are abolished on ferries operating between eu member states
On ne peut pas lui faire confiance .
recently there have been signs that the economy is picking up steam
Dès le départ , nous avons considérablement intensifié les travaux au sein des différents groupes de travail et du Coreper .
everyone 's familiar with cancer but we do n't normally think of cancer as being a contagious disease
Je voudrais remercier le rapporteur , M. Howitt , pour sa coopération .
Ce rapport évaluerait la viabilité des balances de compte courant et l’ adéquation ou les excès des réserves en devises étrangères de ses membres .
Monsieur le Président , l' initiative en faveur de l' allégement de la dette des pays en voie de développement les plus lourdement endettés marque une nouvelle orientation de la part du FMI et de la Banque mondiale .
Ils s' interrogent , en effet , sur des politiques agricoles et forestières qui seraient plus écologiques et assureraient l' occupation de l' espace , ainsi que le maintien et le développement des activités humaines .
Côté européen , nous pourrions faire des concessions sur le développement de l' industrie locale marocaine de transformation , sur les aides aux études scientifiques et sur les débarquements dans les ports marocains .
believe me this would be the best news we could give to british and all european taxpayers - those who eventually fund both national contributions and a european tax
there is much talk that she is going to france next month
À cet égard , nous ne devons pas oublier que toute forme de mise en jachère de surfaces utiles agricoles signifie une déclaration de faillite de notre système .
i do wonder however whether too much is not being asked of the council through parliament 's adding new elements to the description of the criminal offence of child pornography
it 's every man for himself
not knowing what to do i asked him for advice
he got a broken jaw and lost some teeth
C' était une expérience géniale pour lui . Il est resté debout toute la nuit avec eux , à jouer du tambour et à danser .
Même en temps de crise , il faut nous battre pour des conditions égales dans des situations équivalentes !
Le Conseil européen de Stockholm s' est félicité des résultats obtenus par l' Union européenne et a annoncé que son " objectif stratégique " demeure de " devenir l' économie de la connaissance la plus compétitive et la plus dynamique du monde " .
ideology is increasingly irrelevant as the officer class scrambles to build vast personal fortunes
finally however i would like to raise another point which is very important to me
is this hat yours
Tout État membre de l’ UE doit être libre de mener une politique des réfugiés généreuse , s’ il le souhaite .
for the first time european legislation defines manufacturer 's liability in no uncertain terms
Tous sont venus dans ce centre au milieu d' un parc industriel , à guichets fermés , au milieu du centre ville .
par écrit . - Ce rapport ne pouvait pas tomber à un moment plus critique .
Elle avait la plus forte augmentation d' ocytocine .
Les dispositions relatives aux modifications apportées au 7e programme - cadre de recherche et développent et aux domaines que le 7e programme - cadre ne couvre pas en détail représentent aussi une partie importante de la proposition .
Je souhaite qu' elle le fasse de façon aussi soudée que possible , mais surtout de la façon la plus responsable .
Elle avait cet instinct maternel , tout comme une jeune fille sur le chemin de sa vie de femme . Cela nous a vraiment emmenés à ce nouveau degré de compréhension de cette personnalité .
Elle est inquiète pour ta sécurité .
Madame Corbey , vous avez raison de dire que les déchets d' emballage augmentent ; il est donc tout à fait opportun que nous nous penchions sur l' actuelle directive relative aux emballages et sur la future directive .
Septième Conseil des droits de l' homme des Nations unies ( débat )
mr president the group of the party of european socialists supports this proposed regulation on the renewal of the fisheries agreement with madagascar
i therefore think that it is important for the eu to make an effort to strengthen its role in the osce given its global nature and the diversity of its members
european leaders repeatedly proclaim their commitment to saving the euro but those who could have repeatedly said that they are committed to not doing what is needed
Les aides octroyées au titre de la politique agricole représentent l' un des domaines sensibles les plus difficiles à contrôler , et certains secteurs posent de sérieux problèmes de contrôle , notamment celui des subventions à la production d' huile d' olive .
there are practices and experiences from other countries with tragic results
to anyone with decent eyesight it was clear that the rosy budget projections of two years ago were nonsense
Je veux donc voir ce dossier aller de l' avant .
Je pense aussi que je parle pour beaucoup de députés lorsque je dis que nous vous remercions pour votre transparence et votre honnêteté .
of the twenty or so active developing and newly developed countries in the wto almost half come from the region
that is what we are doing today
la démocratie , puisque le rapport se réclame du traité de Lisbonne , rejeté par le vote des Irlandais ;
Cependant , si nous louons la diversité en théorie , nous omettons souvent , malheureusement , de la respecter dans la pratique .
ed rawlings 103 years old now an active cowboy starts his morning with a swim
De même , je partage les avis exprimés dans le rapport sur la question de la qualité et de la sûreté des denrées alimentaires .
there was not a flashlight not a lantern not a candle -- pitch black
Il faut terminer nos devoirs .
De nouvelles idées quant à la manière d' améliorer la coopération peuvent d' autre part être produites sur la base de l' accord existant .
we argue in defence of the right of privacy whilst our citizens lives are being physically damaged undermined and sometimes terminated
i was just sitting there thinking i 've got to slow this down
realistic planning and a fixed time - frame are of the essence work could be linked to efforts to safeguard particularly endangered species for example
Comprenez - moi bien , je ne souhaite pas transférer Eurojust dans le budget du Conseil , mais bien sous le titre " dépense administratives " .
the commissioner mentioned egypt earlier
Le film était intéressant , comme je l' avais espéré .
mr president i think that there is already a consensus emerging from the first few speeches the commission 's response and its proposal do not currently respond to the situation
this should be done in a manner consistent with the process and criteria established by the rome statute and the resolution of the first assembly of states parties
that was the slogan of the time and i think it was a slogan we will surely all agree with
therefore smes still have problems in expanding their activities improving their innovative capacity accessing markets and obtaining funding and face excessive red tape
Monsieur le Président , permettez - moi tout d' abord de remercier M. Hassi et la commissaire Wallström pour leurs explications .
Le traité d’ Amsterdam a représenté une énorme avancée dans la lutte contre les discriminations , en ce sens qu’ il a élargi le concept à d’ autres domaines que l’ égalité entre les hommes et les femmes .
for them legitimacy simply means that voting and counting votes happens according to undisputed rules
La mort et la destruction peuvent donc être causées par des moyens simples ou complexes .
Que devrais - je faire pour arrêter un hoquet ?
this is extremely difficult to explain to countries with strong currencies and their farmers
Aussi la situation n' était - elle pas spécialement tendue à l' approche de la période d' engouement pour les prêts à risque , au début des années 2000 .
it goes without saying that we unreservedly condemn the actions taken by the palestinian terrorists
then he said that the cia had cleared his speech as if that absolved him of all responsibility
i would also like to say that genuine coordination of work related to the various union documents is essential
Alors maintenant , quel est le problème ?
corrigendum rule 204a see minutes
Les chercheurs européens en économie constatent avec regret que ce n' est jusqu' à présent pas le cas .
but we should not be blind to what can happen when political demagogues hijack the anticorruption card
Les miennes concernent surtout les trois suivantes .
i guess i became an underwater photographer and a photojournalist because i fell in love with the sea as a child
progress of this kind will also help to defeat extremism and fanaticism because the latter tend to flourish wherever there is poverty and ignorance
amendments nos 36 and 80 strengthen the connection between this directive and product legislation and so ensure that the whole framework legislation on biotechnology involves an extensive environmental risk assessment
we can not accept the prior exclusion of delegated acts
otherwise completely normal he looks at his mother and says this looks exactly like my mother this woman but she 's an impostor she 's some other woman pretending to be my mother now why does this happen
L' Europe si démocratique , si progressiste , se tait et ne se préoccupe pas de ces problèmes tragiques . Pendant ce temps - là , la moitié de l' Afrique meurt du sida et d' autres maladies .
J' ai attrapé froid le mois dernier .
ultimately you judge the character of a society not by how they treat their rich and the powerful and the privileged but by how they treat the poor the condemned the incarcerated
La Baltique est l' une des mers les plus polluées du monde .
i did n't realize the difference between them
Ce que l' on lit dans le journal , accompagné de photos affreuses est plus facilement enregistré en mémoire que les statistiques sur le nombre de gens qui meurent de vieillesse dans leur lit . Il y a aussi une dynamique du marché de l' opinion : personne n' a jamais attiré d' observateurs , de défenseurs et de donateurs en disant " les choses vont de mieux en mieux . "
S' agissant de la Biélorussie , la Commission suit de près l' évolution en Biélorussie .
in truth your questions are strategic whereas no budget could react effectively now or in the future to the sort of financial crisis which has occurred
Tous ces éléments ont pour objectif de mettre la politique économique au service de la croissance et de l' emploi en l' Europe .
Cela dit , il est clair qu' elles font partie de ce que nous avons appelé le deuxième pilier , c' est - à - dire , de la politique de développement rural .
Pour ma part , je suis volontiers à l' écoute de toute proposition nouvelle et constructive .
Tous mes vêtements sont d' occasion , et viennent de marchés aux puces ou de friperies .
to conclude it is exactly ten years since srebrenica it is ten years since europe the shame of europe and of the world was put before us
Ne reprendrez - vous pas un peu de thé ?
Vers quoi voulons - nous nous orienter ?
this tape is n't sticky
those who wish to know precise details will have to read the report for themselves
Il est parvenu à résoudre le problème .
Avec cette nouvelle Commission européenne , le président Barroso nous présente un programme qui n' est autre que la poursuite de la politique néolibérale , fédéraliste et militariste menée par l' ancienne Commission .
Nous ne devons jamais oublier la solidarité , l' égalité , les normes uniformes et les droits de l' homme et les droits civils .
Ils ont refusé de rédiger une constitution autorisant la concentration des pouvoirs entre les mains d' un dirigeant légitimé par l' empereur , car cela aurait menacé la position de certains d' entre eux et aurait entraîné la désintégration de l' oligarchie .
Elle est follement éprise de lui .
Elle doit prendre des mesures concrètes pour l' appliquer sur le terrain .
Laissant de côté les accents irlandais de cela - je ne veux pas entrer ici dans des implications théologiques , ou dans la divinité - , je pense que c' est cependant l' étape ultime .
airs were played in europe at burials as a body was carried out from the wake site to the burial site or a fiddle player
Écris - moi , s' il te plait , de temps en temps .
J' ai donc étudié les chiffres relatifs à l' usage des armes à feu par la police .
Laissez - moi vous l' obtenir .
Quelques animaux , comme les poulets , semblent être magnifiquement programmés pour faire une seule chose très bien .
before i conclude i would like to say something very briefly about references made by a number of members to traditional foods
Il semble que ça prendra un moment avant que je ne m' habitue à la vie ici .
La première bombe atomique a été larguée sur le Japon .
it is also a matter of money because slow connections put up costs to the consumer
Monsieur Marín , je vous propose de répondre à la question de Mme Maj Theorin .
the decision to allow women in kuwait to vote next year is also an important step forward
eu entry for poland and the baltic states will not happen overnight
Une réforme de la législation électorale en vue de la rendre conforme aux recommandations de l' OSCE / BIDDH est indispensable .
both spirit and the necessary financial institutions must be present to enable creative destruction - the force joseph schumpeter argued sixty years was the engine of capitalist prosperity - to be unleashed
the provisions of the schengen acquis have been part of the european union framework since the amsterdam treaty came into force in 1999
in the interests of efficient administration the commission must bear the brunt of responsibility for implementing the programmes
we miss you very much
car ces moteurs de notre monde permettent d' améliorer le bonheur et les émotions positives , et c' est généralement comment cela qu' ils ont été utilisés .
recent events in austria demonstrate that it is alas still necessary today to combat racism antisemitism and xenophobia
Je voudrais illustrer brièvement mon propos au moyen de trois exemples .
the programme also aimed to facilitate justice and reconciliation
i would like to make a couple of remarks
the last remaining independent newspapers have been shut down access to the internet has been blocked and opposition activists have been detained arrested and sentenced
De l’ aveu général , il est nécessaire d’ améliorer , d’ accélérer et de renforcer l’ enseignement des langues afin que les langues deviennent un pont plutôt qu’ une barrière .
D' après certains observateurs , la BCE ne peut pas aider la Grèce , au motif que cette aide serait interdite par la clause " anti-sauvetage " de l' article 103 du traité UE .
Cette situation présente d’ importantes implications pour la responsabilité que vous êtes sur le point d’ assumer .
dual pricing also requires a legal framework a regulation
mr president our communication on modernizing and improving social protection in the european union builds on the framework for a european debate on the future of social protection that was launched in october 1995
i recognize the potential of this approach and i am sure we will continue the debate and exchange of views with commissioner cresson when it comes to refinancing the fourth framework programme
L' implication clinique vient du domaine de l' autisme .
to my mind parliament 's purpose in this matter is clearly expressed in other articles
while the current situation could continue for a number of years there is a risk that rising interest rates and reductions in net business saving will bring japan ’s current - account surplus to an end
are you talking shop
information must be made more available
people see each other behaving
i asked no such thing i would like that to be corrected
we are working against a deadline as the gpa is opened up to more countries
Cela est indispensable pour atteindre les objectifs de plein emploi et de la Stratégie de Lisbonne tels que préconisés en 2000 , objectifs que nous ne réussirons pas à atteindre faute de politique industrielle européenne .
Il a pas mal d' enregistrements .
point 1 talks about the need for the council to abandon the requirement for unanimity in favour of the federalist requirement of a qualified majority
C’ est juste du bois et de l’ acier .
and so i started playing around and i found something going on over here
on this matter i am in favour of respecting the field of politics
Ce rapport propose d’ éviter que les fonds structurels ne favorisent des mesures contribuant aux délocalisations qui génèrent dans nos régions un coût social élevé .
Ainsi , dans le rapport qui sera soumis demain à l’ Assemblée plénière , la commission des affaires étrangères s’ est limitée à répondre aux propositions du groupe de personnalités de haut niveau .
i do not want to do anything to upset that but i hope there will be sympathy for the uk position
Nous les admirons , et nous les craignons . Et pourtant , en tant qu' hommes , nous voulons voler leur puissance .
C' est qu' on ne peut pas toujours savoir . Quand nous connaissons l' imminence d' un désastre , et que nous savons comment le résoudre à un coût moindre que celui du désastre lui - même , alors il n' y aura guère de polémique , vraiment .
but we are genuine and thousands of us – from rangoon mandalay pegu arakan magwe and sagaing – demonstrated for peace
J' ai à l' esprit - comme nous tous , je pense - , que le Portugal , son ancien président M. Soares et son gouvernement ont observé une attitude circonspecte et modérée lors des bombardements dans les Balkans .
Monsieur le Président , certains se demanderont pourquoi nous nous intéressons à des inondations - même si c' est une catastrophe considérable - qui ont eu lieu en Algérie .
so it does n't work later on in life
Nous pouvons utiliser cet argent à des fins très diverses .
Et à ma connaissance , en ce qui concerne mon pays et ma région à tout le moins , il s' agit de coupes sombres .
Mais soyons conscients qu' il est difficile de réduire les dépassements en Espagne , en Grèce , en Italie , que dans les pays du sud de l' Europe , la chose est beaucoup plus difficile que dans les pays du nord .
this is after all how we can avoid being faced again with faits accomplis in a year 's time and being indignant on a massive scale
Il vous faut être davantage patient .
macarthur ’s rhetoric is stirring some would say overblown
Je retiens , des échanges très constructifs que nous avons eus , un triple message .
Les vaches paissent .
so it is imperative that strong safeguards are put in place to protect minorities particularly the serbs
Les fruits pourrissent au soleil .
Nous avons fait quelques propositions , demandant à la Commission d' autoriser la fixation d' étiquetages plus simples sur les produits textiles .
i warn against interfering with the principles of european fisheries policy
the british government refuses to provide the gbp 1.5 m needed to build an interceptor tunnel to stop these overflows
Ce n' est , selon moi , évidemment pas une bonne nouvelle ni pour la Commission ni pour ce Parlement .
Keynes se considérait comme un ennemi du laissez - faire et comme un partisan de la gestion publique .
in so far as we still have any criticisms they relate i may say to minor points
Ce qui est évident , tout particulièrement dans mon propre pays à l' heure actuelle , est que nous devons combattre la montée inquiétante du racisme et de la xénophobie dans nos communautés .
Toutes les organisations qui luttent contre les maladies ont unanimement recommandé l' introduction de programmes visant à favoriser la consommation de fruits dans les écoles .
member of the commission mr president many petitions on this issue show that buying real estate can be a real challenge
mr president this motion corresponds to the fundamental view which this chamber and above all the committee have always had and i shall therefore support this motion
i learnt on a trip to ramallah that our diplomats are going to have to eat and sleep and negotiate with a street map of greater jerusalem in their pockets
our society must break away from the outdated system of school work and pension
Elle s' occupait de son père malade .
Nous avons acquis une expérience significative pour gérer ce genre de processus complexes .
if we look at mozambique for example how long have we had to wait before real action could be taken
the only things that will help to increase competitiveness and generate sustainable growth are a simple and attractive tax system deregulated labour markets and renewal of the social security and education systems
Cette réduction de 150 millions d’ euros contredit dès lors les constats que notre Assemblée a dégagés dans le cadre des nouveaux défis qui se présentent à nous .
L' inflation ( qu' elle soit globale ou sous-jacente ) s' accélérant , les banques centrales asiatiques ne doivent plus traîner des pieds pour prendre les mesures voulues .
Monsieur le Président , Mesdames et Messieurs , d' après ce rapport , la Commission suit une politique de concurrence réussie .
in short we must not confuse the end with the means
however new forms of political and social instability can indeed threaten the cohesion of our liberal societies for example as a result of organised terrorism
it revives the question of the non - proliferation policy and the risk of contamination for other countries
let me make two points here
À notre avis , cette proposition de directive contient des dispositions dont la portée est plus étendue qu' il n' est nécessaire pour atteindre l' objectif désigné .
but the partnerships that prevailed in the cold war – between the us western europe and several asian countries including japan south korea and australia – are no longer adequate
he 's acting on his own
Moi , j' ai estimé juste de me faire le porte-parole de sa demande .
in fact i know the industry will hate me for saying this but the logical consequence of the boeing / mcdonnell douglas merger is that the next step forward should be a link between airbus and lockheed martin
i wanted to show it to you
as we know the field of biotechnology is a difficult one as it has an ethical moral and religious dimension
Si nous ne changeons pas notre approche , je crains que les perspectives ne soient pour le moins douteuses .
La fièvre aphteuse est hautement contagieuse .
De plus , en termes de valeurs séduisantes , la Corée du Sud témoigne d’ une histoire fascinante .
i could n't sleep last night
La balle est dans le camp de la Commission .
there are many paragraphs in our resolution that we would like to see approved
the regime 's repression and disregard for the rights of its own citizens can only aggravate the situation and this may unfortunately lead to bloodshed
Mais les coûts directs sont en realité la pointe de l' iceberg .
milosevic is only the product of an old policy that goes back to before the second world war
Je vais aussi regarder ailleurs , vas - y , mélange les maintenant .
internal self - determination could allow degrees of cultural economic and political autonomy similar to that which exists in countries like switzerland or belgium
L' accent mis sur la nécessité de jeter les bases d' une politique intégrée de la jeunesse , distincte des programmes d' éducation , me semble d' une extrême importance .
actually hiv 's about sex and drugs and if there are two things that make human beings a little bit irrational they are erections and addiction
Tu n' es pas obligé d' y aller , à moins que tu ne le veuilles .
otherwise – in galicia it rains and in andalusia it does not – certain members should perhaps start to ask themselves what the eur 820 million commissioner wallström has mentioned has been spent on
Mon oeil a gonflé .
Et je prierais la Commission et l' Institut monétaire européen de prendre en compte cet aspect .
and the one in mono by the way he used the pedal and as he got older he said no no wait a minute
even though we 've dodged paul ehrlich 's population bomb and we will not see 20 billion people in this decade as he had forecast we eat as if we were 20 billion
Le vote à la majorité doit devenir la règle , et il ne peut plus exister à l' avenir de loi européenne qui n' ait obtenu l' aval du Parlement européen par la procédure de codécision .
Ils ont cherché par monts et par vaux le garçon disparu , mais en vain .
i believe that those countries which are currently net beneficiaries from the funds will have great difficulty in accepting such a proposal in march
we dare to disagree with a small part of these proposals therefore we must be derided
C' est du travail d' enfant forcé à l' échelle nationale .
-Monsieur le Président , lundi , le 5 janvier dernier , le a publié un essai incisif intitulé " Gaz lacrymogène pour Haïti " de l’ écrivain allemand Hans Christoph Buch .
therefore in my view it can easily be declared ready for use so that it could be used on a much wider scale than solely in emergencies
today now that the inventory of territories to be protected and their importance for preserving biological diversity are fully understood the resources for maintaining them may be lacking
L' aide humanitaire au Japon constitue une réaction évidente et nécessaire de l' Union européenne en réponse à la tragique catastrophe qui a frappé ce pays .
Maintenant , on peut distribuer de plusieurs manières .
Il continuait . Ils essayaient toujours d' améliorer l' objet , encore et encore .
this would mean centralizing the research funds into a single european project and reducing the financing possibilities open to private companies
Je voudrais vous faire part de trois préoccupations et vous poser deux questions .
par écrit . - J' ai soutenu la position du rapporteur , M. Cercas , car l' organisation du temps de travail est un sujet essentiel pour la vie quotidienne des citoyens européens .
real invention is happening in these labs and i still kept -- so in the last year i 've been spending time with heads of state and generals and tribal chiefs who all want this and i keep saying but this is n't the real thing wait like 20 years and then we 'll be done
Deuxièmement , au cours des deux dernières années , les côtes italiennes ont vu débarquer moins de 4 000 personnes , grâce aux accords bilatéraux conclus avec la Libye et la Tunisie .
we can no longer tolerate a situation in which employees learn through the press that they are being made redundant
i should note moreover that such products are no more expensive in the european union than they are in other countries
this conundrum is symbolized by the debate over detaining terrorism suspects without charge or trial
it can be said that the ukrainians were victorious
there is a need for improvements to on - board safety
i also agree with the rapporteur i agree with you mr bösch that we must make the statistics more meaningful so we can see which are the new reports and which were already in the statistics before
do you know any good places to eat around here
pt madam president the patrie report concerns consumer protection
C' est très facile .
if you do not believe me ask me in 10 years time
we ca n't help you with that
L’ Association américaine de basketball n’ emploie - t - elle pas trois arbitres sur une surface de jeu qui représente un neuvième de la surface d’ un terrain de football ?
Ce jeune homme en connait peu sur son pays .
Il a été notamment proposé de créer un secrétariat externalisé financé par le budget de programmes communautaires .
Des mesures urgentes sont nécessaires pour redéployer ses salariés , en commençant par les efforts lancés par les autorités locales .
On t' a prévenue .
Je partage entièrement l' idée selon laquelle leurs droits en tant que personnes doivent être respectés , mais en ce qui concerne ce rapport , j' estime que tout le reste du texte est insuffisant .
the union is proud and rightly so of its constant defence of respect for human rights in the world and within the community
that is a lot of money
Et bien en fait , je siffle depuis que j' ai 4 ans -- environ 4 ans .
as a christmas present you must tell us that the own funds and own resources of europe are starting to be the subject of serious discussion and serious negotiation under your presidency
En conséquence de quoi , le pourcentage d' étudiants qui abandonnent leurs études augmente de manière alarmante .
now you might remember koko
it contains the worst elements of another proposal which this parliament has already rejected
Sur le plan politique , l' Écosse n' est actuellement pas avantagée , nos intérêts nationaux étant représentés depuis Londres .
Je viens juste d' arriver ici .
L' Europe veut tout changer , mais pas ses voitures .
so there are good reasons to doubt that governments ’ and central banks ’ current actions will really redress the crisis
a simple statement that men and women are equal before the law is not enough
and one of these things is certainly the theme running through the ombudsman 's special report that is access to eu documents for the citizens of the european union
mr president mr schmit and mr almunia may i thank those last two gentlemen for their contributions today concerning the world bank
J' ai soutenu ce rapport lors du vote final .
subject classification of schengen manuals
Une telle attitude ne peut engendrer la paix , Monsieur le Président en exercice du Conseil , et c' est pourquoi les prémisses de ce débat sont entièrement fausses .
À ce sujet , la principale recommandation concerne une nouvelle étude sur les conséquences d' une transition vers le principe de l' épuisement international .
you know a number of years ago there was a major league baseball umpire by the name of george moriarty
. - Monsieur le Président , je tiens à remercier tout particulièrement M. Posselt pour avoir touché un point qui , pour des raisons évidentes , est important .
En principe , toutes les institutions , et certainement aussi les consommateurs et les entreprises , sont d' accord avec cela .
he can not make any positive contribution to solving it
as regards the aeroplanes included in the second chapter the 1992 european union directive states that such planes can no longer be used in the european union from 1 april 2002
Ce serait , naturellement , la paralysie intégrale de l' Europe du sud parce que tout simplement , nous n' avons pas le choix aujourd'hui .
and so overall here if we 're optimistic we may get a reduction of a factor of three to even perhaps a factor of six
À tous les niveaux administratifs , des propositions ont été avancées pour soumettre la démocratie , la liberté d' association , la liberté de manifestation , le droit de grève , la liberté de circulation et la vie privée aux garanties de sécurité proposées .
i think that this is an absolute condition because otherwise it would be impossible to find the 1.4 billion ecu which a good many member states would like to cut from the commission proposals
however it could be some time before the next stage namely that of negotiations and membership is reached
De même , contrairement à ce qui s’ est produit en Lybie , la population tunisienne n’ a jamais recouru aux armes lors des manifestations .
i was late for school this morning
i consider this remarkable in view of the fact that it affects the jobs of so many people
Je me réjouis que M. Mulder soit disposé à nous soutenir afin de récupérer les fonds qui étaient proposés pour cette action , que de nombreux membres de notre commission jugent importante .
at the same time juvin asserts because everyone has a body property has suddenly become democratized
Nous réclamons une explication sur Tchernobyl .
J' évoquerai ces questions dans le cadre du débat sur le rapport Fernández - Albor immédiatement après celui - ci .
C' est le moteur le plus simple au monde .
Une tasse de café me montre où trouver plus de café ou bien là où je peux jeter la tasse .
Pourquoi pleures - tu ?
Les règles de passation des marchés publics ne peuvent et ne doivent pas varier selon le montant du marché : la pratique bureaucratique peut être différente , rester en - dessous ou aller au - delà d' un seuil adéquat , mais les principes ne peuvent diverger .
Dans sa diversité , le Parlement fait de son mieux , mais le Conseil doit répondre positivement à cet élan en faveur du progrès et de la libéralisation du transport ferroviaire .
Nous nous en félicitons parce que nous , les États - Unis , avons besoin d' alliés et d' alliances solides , pour nous aider à affronter les problèmes du XXIe siècle , dont nombre sont pareils à ceux du siècle dernier , mais dont tant d' autres sont différents .
the robber tried to plunge the knife into the boy
Ces rapports montrent les signes d' une certaine ouverture et d' une attitude civilisée , rapidement suivis , même parfois lors du débat au sein de ce Parlement , de signes de rigidité , en particulier de la part du Conseil , et d' un protectionnisme considérable .
i want to say that really and truly after these incredible speeches and ideas that are being spread i am in the awkward position of being here to talk to you today about television
La crise économique mondiale a malheureusement balayé bon nombre de réalisations obtenues , montrant combien les économies nationales souffrent souvent de certaines faiblesses .
and allow me to say that as chairman i have been very honoured to carry out this task
so yes mr barroso let us get the politics right and getting them right probably means getting them centre
Eh oui , c' est ainsi .
can i go ahead
faced with such an anomaly we had no choice but to raise the problem responsibly asking ourselves what kind of energy policy our europe intends to pursue
On ne peut qu’ espérer que cette reconnaissance lui servira de guide quand il faudra prendre des décisions difficiles et que les changements de style ne suffiront plus .
La protection de la marque est capitale pour l' économie européenne et pour la sécurité du consommateur .
returning to 2006 honourable members will be aware that the budget agreement between the council and the parliamentary delegation focused primarily on three key elements
once the shah left the radical minority that was willing to fight and die for its cause devoured the “ moderate majority ” establishing islamist rule in short order
by and large that prediction has proven to be correct
by comparing islam in general – not only islamist terrorism – to fascism as the right - wing populists do and to suggest that europe faces a threat comparable to the nazis is not just wrong but dangerous
however this alone can not be seen as a consolation and we must recognise that it is still very little
Keiko empile la coutellerie de manière efficace et l' amène au lavabo .
after lisbon and stockholm we are left in no doubt as to the importance europe places on developing a knowledge economy
at least a significant number of developing nations must vote for it in order for such an agreement to be made at all
Il faut combattre cette dérive , en rappelant les aspects positifs et en tentant , comme le fait le rapport , de proposer des améliorations de fonctionnement .
just get out there and whatever you 're doing do it to the best of your ability
for employees to develop they must be imbedded in a stimulating workplace with new problems to solve harder tasks to be mastered added abilities to strive for
L' objectif de cet exercice était d' identifier les aménagements à apporter à l' industrie automobile afin que ce secteur reste compétitif dans les années à venir .
Je partage cette opinion .
mr president restrictions on freedom of speech in tunisia are nothing new
Il y a un groupe en Chine appelé Yeeyan ,
C' est précisément ce point qui a été discuté hier et le débat est clos .
but the high - minded liberalism of the then - elite had a practical point as well should the government have any soiled linen it should be laundered in british courts rather than be aired before a panel of international judges
A l’ époque , l’ Europe comprit aussitôt l’ ampleur du défi et réagit avec efficacité .
all right so that 's one way of doing it which is five balls down
the forthcoming transition to the euro is in fact of great concern to the many economic and political players in the african caribbean and pacific regions
those people who with no thought at all of profit make an effort on behalf of people in fear of their lives must not be punished
Même les rois mages .
the next item is the report by mrs marinescu on behalf of the committee on budgetary control on the efficiency and effectiveness of eu funding in the area of decommissioning nuclear power plants in the new member states
La différence entre une communauté en panne et une communauté prospère est souvent le sain respect entre des hommes et des femmes qui comprennent l' apport de chacun d' eux à la société .
when resources are scarce or so degraded that they can no longer sustain livelihoods or inequitably distributed conflict invariably ensues
Le taux de participation est passé à près de 54 % , l' augmentation étant surtout marquée chez les jeunes et les électeurs les plus instruits .
Par bruit , je n' entends pas son .
my country romania can apply for more than eur 20 billion for regional development by 2013
think of the collective joy in britain on the day world war ii ended
as we celebrate this historic occasion from an irish perspective we commemorate an even greater historic occasion with the inclusion of romania and bulgaria
Et un jour , il est venu me voir , il avait sept ou huit ans , il est venu me voir .
of course i would like to thank you for your generosity in allowing ten speakers rather than five
the use of biological and toxic weapons has to be tackled
La mer Baltique est très vivante dans la culture des huit pays riverains : dans leur littérature , leur musique et leur art . Nous voulons qu' elle le reste pour nos petits-enfants .
we must put a stop to this
Rapport annuel de l' Union européenne sur les droits de l' homme ( débat )
finally you go to the emergency room
Il en va de même pour la solution équilibrée en matière de modulation dans l' aide au développement rural .
i can reassure a number of members who are worried about what is going to happen on thursday and friday
Le rapport relatif à la mise sur le marché de produits phytopharmaceutiques a particulièrement soulevé les passions .
Cependant , j' aimerais dire qu' aucun instrument politique n' est efficace du seul fait qu' il est " fondé sur le marché " .
in writing - hu mr president ladies and gentlemen extremist ideas and organisations have become alarming phenomena in our everyday lives and we can see this everywhere almost without exception
Nous nous trouvons , dans tous les sens du terme , des deux côtés du même océan .
Si un gouvernement voulait stimuler une activité économique , à travers l’ octroi de crédits fiscaux pour la recherche et le développement , cet État membre devrait obtenir au préalable l’ accord du Conseil statuant à l’ unanimité .
as for the directive it enables us to increase the number of checks both on site – at the roadside in this case – and also on the premises of the businesses where the checks will be mainly carried out
in 2004 shortly before the election osama bin laden released a video tape that may have helped president bush defeat senator john kerry
i therefore wish to ask the council to strengthen this operation to enlarge the protected areas for which it is responsible to increase its staff allocation and to grant it additional competences
the offer is too good to turn down
this needs further study
La vraie question n’ est pas de savoir si l’ Europe fait appel à des plans de relance keynésiens suffisamment agressifs mais bien de savoir si elle parviendra à réaliser une réforme profonde de son économie alors que s’ atténuera la crise .
Il faut continuer à travailler , il faut continuer à promouvoir les politiques d' égalité entre les hommes et les femmes .
the majority of members of parliament felt that a custom 's union would improve the human rights situation in turkey
forced labour is the order of the day and children are conscripted into the army
L' UE doit protéger ses citoyens et ses entreprises contre cette fraude trop fréquente .
Je n' en dirai pas plus .
A 25 ans il était multimillionnaire et à la tête d' une société de courtage .
last week i spoke to president yushchenko concerning how we can try to avoid a similar thing happening again
Je tiens également à souligner les contributions très positives et constructives que la Commission et la commissaire ont , selon moi , apportées à ce point ces dernières années .
Premièrement , l' harmonisation du droit pénal ne doit pas faire l' objet d' une démarche forcée .
a shi'ite insurrection was brutally put down in the 1920 's with the help of the british royal air force
Je n' ai pas de famille .
Je ne pourrais pas le supporter .
C' est en effet lui qui s' est rendu célèbre en déclarant , il n' y a pas si longtemps , que les femmes feraient bien de nettoyer derrière le réfrigérateur , et que c' est là l' une de leurs tâches principales dans la vie .
Ils aiment leur pays d' adoption , mais ils ont aussi le droit d' aimer leur pays d' origine ; personne ne se sent menacé par cet amour dual .
Et chacun admettra que des objectifs réalisables aideront ce Parlement à s’ exprimer de manière plus catégorique sur les progrès de ce processus .
i was eating lunch when the phone rang
Comme M. Linkohr , M. Rapkay et plusieurs autres orateurs l’ ont mentionné , nous aurions voulu terminer cela plus tôt .
on this point commissioner monti has tried to take some positive steps which the council has unfortunately limited to a few direct taxes
J' insiste sur ce point , car , trop souvent , le pacte de confiance est identifié avec une seule de ses composantes , à savoir les réseaux transeuropéens .
Le premier acteur est le Conseil de Sécurité .
Je suis également passionné par la photographie .
first of all we have to finish the homework
- Monsieur le Président , Monsieur le Président du Conseil , les sommets européens sont si élevés qu’ ils se situent sans doute dans la stratosphère , tant ils paraissent à des années - lumière des réalités européennes .
finally instead of acting instead of activating the fraud prevention committee the european commission does not defend the legality and in numerous cases does not safeguard european citizens money
Cette notion offre l' opportunité de chercher une solution au conflit entre la consolidation et l' élargissement de l' Union .
i start by asking you mr president who said this through the practice of prenatal sex selection countless women are denied the right even to exist
Le gouvernement doit encore soumettre à la Commission une évaluation du coût / efficacité de ce système .
never have i dreamed of marrying you
sure some might argue that inflation - indexed bonds offer a better and more direct inflation hedge than gold
Il s’ agit de questions concernant l’ une ou l’ autre base juridique , conformément au mandat que nous souhaitons lui conférer .
En quoi ton opinion diffère - t - elle de la sienne ?
she has been waiting 17 months to have his remains repatriated and local courts have constantly changed their minds about the prosecution of the person believed to have been involved in the death of this young man
mr van velzen the council is indeed in attendance on wednesday i am assured
C' est un ordinateur moléculaire qui construit un ordinateur électronique .
J' ai donc suivi la logique de ma réflexion et j' ai proposé de supprimer cet article dans un amendement .
Nous menons également des discussions avec la Lituanie , la Bulgarie , et bientôt l' Arménie .
Il s’ agissait d’ extraits d’ un rapport d’ Amnesty International sur la situation effrayante des femmes dans le monde .
Cela signifie que c' est une liste de substances de base qui peut être étendue et actualisée de manière flexible .
Au titre des nouvelles actions , je rappellerai que les relations avec nos partenaires d' Afrique , des Caraïbes et du Pacifique feront l' objet d' un Livre vert que la Commission présentera à l' automne .
the report also emphasises that women 's involvement in industry can not be limited to work in sectors that do not require qualifications where women are the first to suffer when restructuring takes place
i do n't have a car
disregarding zimbabwe a recent and incomplete convert the 18 countries of the two existing monetary unions have as intended benefited from lower inflation than much of the rest of africa
she became a member of the all - powerful central committee in 1988 – a post she retains to this day
Les pactes peuvent être respectés lorsque ceux qui ne les respectent pas peuvent décider qu’ il existe des cas de force majeure dans lesquels ils ne doivent pas être respectés .
C' est à la jeunesse également que revient le rôle décisif dans le processus de démocratisation et l' entente entre peuples .
it is unlikely that musharraf ’s latest gambit will succeed as his popular support is at its lowest ebb
such bodies move in the twilight zone of secret diplomacy
J' aimerais vous dire quelque chose qui ne s' est pas dit et que je veux réitérer .
after all we have discovered the need for that very clearly in the current debates
Faut - il y voir les raisons pour lesquelles l' exigence du Parlement européen concernant la suppression des visas entre la Bulgarie et la Roumanie n' a pas été satisfaite ?
S’ il décide d’ augmenter ce prix , il ne faudra , bien entendu , pas attendre longtemps avant que la Russie augmente également le prix , qui atteindrait approximativement le même montant .
Ça soulève une question : déformations et courbes de quoi ?
Le nombre de personnes présentes à ce débat cette après-midi montre à quel point certains d' entre nous sont en passe de le devenir .
the rules that will be altered in part and preserved in part relate to the way we deal with advertising
En outre , à mesure qu’ augmentera la confiance du public dans les monnaies pétrolières déliées du dollar , l’ indexation au dollar des contrats privés diminuera , et les mouvements de devises auront un plus grand impact sur les prix d’ ensemble .
Pour mieux maitriser les améliorations apportées à différents systèmes , la Banque Mondiale a mis en place une initiative majeure permettant d’ évaluer la qualité des politiques d’ éducation partout dans le monde .
Car il n' y aurait plus aucun prétexte ni justification à cette guerre si nous ne parvenions pas à faire aboutir ce processus de paix .
Je voudrais confirmer ici clairement que l' un des objectifs de l' Agenda 2000 - et nous agissons en conséquence - est de centrer davantage les possibilités européennes sur l' objectif de lutte contre le chômage .
tension can only ease if the number of troops in abkhazia and south ossetia is reduced or if these soldiers are withdrawn altogether
he made use of the opportunity to improve his english
that reduction is designed to take account of under - implementation in recent years
many in my group did not vote for you on that occasion but what you got then was a great vote of confidence
Premièrement , achever l' élargissement de l' Union européenne .
on the other hand we should not send a signal that final status discussions will be delayed indefinitely
madam president this has not been an easy directive
this matter is being dealt with in the negotiations on the union 's social for the first two countries
should gas flow once more does this mean we go back to business as usual
Nous sommes tous responsables de la préservation de notre planète .
and all with the help of state aid - and massive state aid as mr imaz pointed out
i 'm glad to see you back
En effet , une Ukraine démocratique sera un exemple important pour les pays voisins .
thank you mrs kinnock
but the sheer volume of china 's tv programming makes maintaining such control difficult
that 's an example i think for us to look at and for us to draw comfort from
Mais dans la mesure où les produits ( récolte , bois , éthanol ) sont négociés sur les marchés mondiaux , le prix de n’ importe quel type de terrain devrait être plus ou moins le même partout .
our language is unintelligible and at times incomprehensible and we therefore have to know how to say that this is a problem in itself and a challenge in itself so that we can move closer to the european people
- Monsieur le Président , Monsieur le Président en exercice du Conseil , Monsieur le Commissaire , nous arrivons au terme des cinq années de législature .
as a result i would like to make sure that it is properly examined this time round
Et ils sont partis du design d' attelles pour des soldats blessés revenant de la 2ème guerre mondiale et de la guerre de Corée , je crois . Et depuis cette expérience , ils se sont tournés vers les chaises .
au nom du groupe PSE . - ( ES ) Monsieur le Président , Monsieur le Commissaire , Mesdames et Messieurs , cette proposition de résolution est importante car nous avons souvent parlé de l' Afrique dans cette enceinte mais rarement de coopération scientifique avec ce continent .
Ce sont nos valeurs et principes inaliénables qui doivent guider nos relations avec les pays tiers en toutes circonstances .
Nous avons plus de clients que nous ne pouvons en dénombrer .
the drunken men made derogatory remarks toward the women in the club
Et je tiens à vous remercier , en particulier , pour la manière dont s' est déroulé le vote en commission .
since i believe and hope that this will not be the case i voted in favour of this report
Il n' y a donc pas de problème .
C' est aussi l' année où l' Église catholique a prononcé un mea culpa pour les violations des droits de l' homme commises tout au long de l' histoire .
L' expérience des précédentes opérations de surveillance des forêts nous indique que la collecte des données est cruciale .
the key area on which we must focus our attention is budgetary reform
the uk already has perfectly good laws and safeguards on fundamental rights
i should like to point out that there is an important typographical error in amendment no 39 which members will have
may i borrow your phone
La question est de savoir si nous voulons d’ une Turquie musulmane dans une Europe qui a été fondée sur des valeurs chrétiennes .
but grassroots groups are needed at the table during the decision - making process
my mother can not drive a car at all
and so this shows it 's not 99 percent but it 's roughly 90 percent correspondence at a reasonable cutoff so everything in the cloud is roughly correlated
we profess that the new association agreement will breath new life into relations between europe and latin america at a time when the region is experiencing serious problems
i would like to warn everyone that we are pushing ahead too quickly in this area
Le chômage et la peur qu' il ne s' étende entraînent la baisse des salaires , des revenus et de la consommation - et par conséquent de la demande totale .
i also congratulate her on listening so attentively which she has done throughout the negotiations and thanks to which we have achieved this difficult compromise with the council and the commission
when will the world come to an end
russian voters tend to vote according to three main sentiments anti - liberal anti - oligarchic and anti - western more precisely anti - american
i can understand their position perfectly well
torres couto 's report identifies particularly well the hindrances to small and medium - sized businesses and makes recommendations on how they can be got rid of
i think it 's time for me to abandon that plan
Père rentre du bureau à six heures .
a properly functioning civil society is not a threat it is a necessary precondition for decent government
the objective of this fund is to enable the community to respond in a rapid efficient and flexible manner to emergency situations in the various member states
the opposite unprecedented dynamism in european airports
Le rapport s’ appuie sur une interprétation excessive du principe de précaution .
session musicians will benefit from a permanent 20 % levy
additionally there are organ brokers who arrange the deals between sellers and buyers
in the past many european governments have used metal and its value to prove their commitment to stability
it reasonably allows police and judicial authorities to access under certain conditions when investigating serious crimes data on past electronic communications that is who has called who not the content of the conversations
Je tiens enfin à vous informer que la Corée et l' UE ont évoqué de possibles ajustements du calendrier de suppression des droits de douane .
Il est du devoir d' un État de droit de contrôler cela .
Certains de ces outils existent depuis un siècle environ .
Je veux lui souhaiter bonne chance .
knowledge is power
Souvent , nous devons nous contenter de créer les conditions , comme dans le cas de Nabucco , où nous avons ensuite tenté d' obtenir le volume de gaz nécessaire pour permettre l' approvisionnement et la construction du gazoduc .
Le gouvernement britannique nous a assuré qu' il était on ne peut plus conscient du problème du technetium 99 notamment dans le cadre des discussions sur les limites d' émissions de Sellafield .
Les ingénieurs ont fait exploser le pont , car il était sur le point de s' effondrer .
Les Européens doivent être mieux informés et éclairés concernant les règles juridiques qui s' appliquent au voyage vers un État membre autre que celui de leur affiliation dans le but de s' y faire soigner .
europe has made some modest efforts to regain university competitiveness
- Merci beaucoup , Monsieur le Commissaire .
Enfin , le maintien du critère de l' expérience professionnelle dans certaines professions ; dans le secteur des nouvelles technologies en particulier , l' expérience et les capacités de la personne comptent plus que les diplômes éventuels .
in the far east paying for past broken promises appears to have forced russia to accept china ’s terms for resolving a border dispute
but at the moment there are no plans for any change in current regulations
En Europe , les nations seront jugées selon leurs accomplissements , non sur la base de critères géographiques et géopolitiques .
if not then i hope that parliament will show more courage than it has today and will denounce the agreement and start exercising its budgetary rights to the full once again
the proposal foresees a general ban on tobacco advertising in the press
this picture of seymour -- 25 years ago seymour made a very simple observation in 1968 and then basically presented it in 1970 -- april 11 to be precise -- called teaching children thinking what he observed was that kids who write computer programs understand things differently and when they debug the programs they come the closest to learning about learning
so when two up quarks and a down quark are combined to make a proton it has a total electric charge of plus one
i believe that cultural networks have an important contribution to make to the success of european enlargement
Veut - il le regarder ?
they are entitled to democratically functioning institutions within the eu of which they want to become members and which can take effective decisions
En ce jour où l’ Assemblée se montre clairement favorable à la Constitution européenne , il est intéressant de noter que les États - Unis considèrent encore les relations avec l’ Europe en termes bilatéraux .
as we said in our conclusions from the meeting of the general affairs council in luxembourg we believe that the aspa could seriously undermine the work of the international criminal court
Nous avons 670 sites .
that is simply not on
this is a step forward towards managing all borders
Elles vont de 65 à 98 pour cent pour ces grands groupes d' organismes , comme indiqué dans les barres en bleu foncé .
what is worse we in amsterdam as elsewhere in europe would continue to be faced with the noise and stench of the pleasure boats on and around the water
i do not believe i have had full information from the commission
Même Tony Blair doit lutter pour rester au pouvoir .
it is certainly not the first time
i 've got metal and earth to come
the chinese communists insist that being chinese means accepting the political reality of a sole communist sovereign
Ces amendements sont incompatibles avec la politique britannique de longue date en matière d’ échange d’ informations .
we had no idea did they distinguish into different populations
Cette rupture d' un accord de pêche était censée rester secrète ; jusqu' à aujourd'hui du moins .
when conditions are at their worst you can not bathe or fish in the sea and we need effective measures to restore the baltic to its natural state
as far as the budget is concerned mr president - you were there but i must repeat this - i am not happy
nato has established a special nato - georgian commission to help coordinate allied support for georgia ’s post - conflict reconstruction
Mesdames et Messieurs , je me permets également de vous rappeler , à titre de réflexion pour l' avenir , que le budget communautaire fixé cette année pour l' année prochaine va représenter 0,99 % du PIB pour 25 États membres .
La concurrence fiscale qui pousse les taux de TVA à la baisse pourrait être désastreuse pour des pays qui tentent de préserver des services publics acceptables .
i think – and i have said it before – that it was a presidency full of substance and style and i thank you very much for that chancellor schüssel
in july the hague tribunal for the former yugoslavia charged two croatian generals - rahim ademi and ante gotovina - with war crimes
En plus de marquer cette journée de réjouissance , la proclamation de cette Charte représente un accord par les institutions de l' Union qui devront le respecter et l' appliquer dans leurs actions au quotidien .
C' est une journée délicieuse .
as the downturn deepens several countries may for example face bankruptcy
Il est , sans conteste , le plus qualifié pour ce travail .
( EN ) Nous avons maintenant une série de cinq questions portant sur les personnes invalides .
recognition of professional qualifications
in this new globalised world there is no place for everyone for himself
C' est pourquoi nous votons aujourd'hui , c' est pourquoi nous nous demandons si vos paroles nous convainquent .
something happened when i began traveling in v - day eight years ago i got lost
everybody else is one of our actors
all too often however the programme introduces innovative learning methods instead of opening up the field for the innovations themselves and for future researchers
this is like a good love story - it is always worth waiting for
Vainqueur d' un millier de concours , trois lois sur les droits civiques , l' assurance maladie Medicare , l' aide à l' éducation .
Je suis chanceux aujourd'hui .
the economies of china and the oecd countries by contrast have grown both in terms of gnp per capita and wealth per capita
and brazil has already said that it has no issues to raise with china which recently became its largest export market
a person in the manic phase of bipolar disorder has in addition to serious even life - threatening lapses in judgment an extraordinary sense of well - being that the mentally well rarely if ever experience
C' est un sujet très technique et compliqué avec lequel il peut être difficile de se familiariser .
however it is also vitally important to increase the funding for erasmus mundus grants
C' est une bonne chose , mais des améliorations restent nécessaires sur certains points .
Mais l’ objectif spécifique d’ Erdogan est cette fois - ci plus modeste qu’ il ne l’ était en 2010 , parce que la Turquie ne souhaite pas jouer le rôle de médiateur et ne cherchera pas à négocier les détails d’ un accord .
C' est de cette façon que nous éviterons les problèmes auxquels nous sommes confrontés en ce moment pour concilier affectation des sols , activité économique et attentes des citoyens .
president this parliament by huge cross - party majorities has made clear that it will no longer accept that animals should be made to suffer for the sake of developing yet more products to flatter human vanity
J' ai dit : " Je ne ne sais pas si c' est la bonne décision ou non , mais je voudrais que vous veniez déjeuner demain et que vous disiez à l' oncle ce que c' est que de marcher dans la rue , ce que les gens vous disent , ce que vous faites pour vivre .
annual policy strategy 2009 motions for resolutions tabled see minutes
Nous vivons maintenant dans l’ âge de la fin du livre où le papier électronique le remplacera sans aucun doute .
consider the recent standby arrangement with latvia whose conditions include a massive 25 % cut in public - sector wages a similar reduction in government expenditures and a huge tax increase
we stand up for their rights and on 17 december social europe will emerge empowered
the eu ’s various offices and agencies – indeed most of its bodies – have voluntarily adopted corresponding rules concerning access to documents
Le génocide rwandais et la guerre en Angola n' existent ou n' ont existé que par la faute de certains pays et dirigeants européens .
Il y a toutefois un petit problème .
( IT ) Monsieur le Président , Monsieur le Commissaire , chers collègues , je voudrais m' adresser au commissaire à propos de l' utilisation dévoyée des Fonds structurels , phénomène qui , malheureusement , prend de l' ampleur au sein de l' Union européenne .
in our view too given the very nature of these diseases it is crucial to maintain the union 's contribution to the fund over a period of time
Pour les agriculteurs et les producteurs agricoles de Roumanie , la réduction des charges administratives est indispensable pour pouvoir bénéficier pleinement des avantages de l' appartenance à l' Union européenne .
( EN ) Monsieur le Président , j' ai été moi - même témoin de l' importance de la politique de cohésion pour le pays de Galles et c' est pourquoi je salue le rapport de M. Lastra sur la politique de cohésion et l' Europe 2020 .
Sinon , j' espère vraiment que vous ne ferez pas cavalier seul , selon l' article 315 .
and part of my photographic work is i 'm not just documenting what 's there
direct talks should concentrate on two parallel tracks
L' objectif poursuivi était de dégager , à partir des leçons de l' expérience , des principes de politique et des stratégies prioritaires pour l' avenir , à la fois pour l' aide communautaire et les aides bilatérales des États membres .
On pourrait d' ailleurs tout simplement élargir la compétence de la Cour pénale internationale à la grande criminalité financière parce que , en 2007 , des millions d' enfants sont morts de la spéculation sur les produits agricoles .
the third is the sustainable management and conservation of natural resources
but the last couple of years have proved that in a crisis they are not immune from political pressures to re - focus their portfolio allocations towards domestic investments
C' est une école privée .
the concept of length of coastline which seems to be so natural because it 's given in many cases is in fact complete fallacy there 's no such thing
the european voluntary service is a great example of how we can marry work experience with cultural experience it really is a unique opportunity for young people
now that we have it i think that we are on the right track towards achieving something positive for the environment and for human beings
Malheureusement , notre liste de revendications est très longue , et il semble improbable qu' elles soient toutes exaucées dans un avenir proche .
( EN ) Au cours de la dernière décennie , la coopération internationale en matière de lutte antiterroriste a été rendue plus difficile en raison de préoccupations relatives aux droits de l' homme , y compris en ce qui concerne les pratiques de l' administration américaine .
Ce problème est particulièrement prononcé dans les pays qui doivent faire face à de graves mesures d' austérité , comme mon propre pays , l' Irlande , et je pense que nous devons le régler immédiatement .
what they are concerned about is how this is going to play out across europe
En fin de compte , seule une Europe efficace peut également être une Europe sociale .
fourthly on labelling - detergents legislation is supplementary to the horizontal chemicals legislation and must therefore be compatible with it
parliament 's concern for the absolute probity of the legal process at guantánamo is impressive
we found for instance little support outside the bundeskartellamt for the new registration scheme under article 4 which we consider to be time - wasting and valueless
these are things that we have been promised for years
- Merci pour votre réponse , Monsieur le Secrétaire d’ État .
Après l' échec de Seattle , il faut que Doha soit un succès de l' OMC . Pour se faire , il ne faut guère compter sur les États - Unis .
La Commission n' entend naturellement pas s' ingérer dans les affaires juridiques d' un État souverain , mais l' action manifestement disproportionnée des autorités kirghizes dans le cas Beknazarov soulève de profondes préoccupations .
and all the developing world started to apply family planning
Le Congo est un parfait exemple de région au potentiel de développement énorme .
Mais l' émigration n' était pas qu' une soupape de sécurité , elle a aussi contribué au bien-être matériel et à l' enrichissement culturel de l' Europe .
in addition a general dispatch programme and a specific plan for the return to afghanistan have been adopted these two were approved a couple of weeks ago
we should not conceal our own problems and point an accusing finger just at turkey
Pourtant des événements récents montrent que si cette politique est poussée jusqu' à ses limites , ses propres postulats la font trébucher .
Au cours des deux dernières années , la Commission a contribué un montant total de 9 millions d' écus pour divers projets en faveur des médias .
et vous avez la recette pour exporter cette idée vers un tout nouvel horizon .
Que ne devons - nous pas faire ?
and then i thought that 's too complicated no
the appeal i am making to you has already been mentioned by the chairman of my group mr schulz and by mr swoboda and other colleagues
Depuis mars 1996 ce dialogue fonctionne différemment : au cours de chacune des présidences un thème est traité par priorité .
La Commission peut - elle indiquer à quel stade se trouvent ses réflexions à ce sujet ?
he is particularly concerned that in insolvency situations where someone later develops an industrial disease a solution is found whereby they can be recompensed for industrial disease problems
he 's no spring chicken
Un dialogue approfondi et tourné vers l’ avenir sera ouvert sur la base de la convention , sous la forme de quatre ateliers qui se tiendront au cours des deux prochaines années .
La Commission européenne a toujours été d' avis que l' initiative et l' autorité appartenaient aux Nations unies .
ask only questions that can be answered with yes or no
Je pense aussi que Mme Grossetête a raison quand elle fait référence à ceci : « comment pouvons - nous empêcher ce processus de continuer ? »
Et le choix de l’ homme que les électeurs américains désigneront à la tête de leur pays affectera la vie de tout un chacun , et pas seulement celle des américains .
and i 'm going to show you a typical construction on the top and what we 're doing on the bottom
we must explore all possible ways to reinforce fiscal discipline and propose a framework for crisis resolution
La Commission pourrait coordonner bien mieux qu' elle ne le fait les actions de toutes les Directions générales impliquées dans le domaine des énergies renouvelables .
i was sad to vote against the berès report
and these women sing an enchanting song a song so alluring that all sailors who hear it crash into the rocks and die now you would expect given that that they would choose an alternate route around the sirens but instead odysseus says i want to hear that song
you are a good person
On a eu moins de deux heures de communication avec le monde extérieur en deux mois .
On a également filé des criminels en utilisant leurs vêtements .
on the one hand the borders must remain open the right to asylum must be guaranteed
it 's just a formality
it 's a noun that loosely translates to to be greater than another
unfortunately there are a huge number of people facing dire poverty and marginalisation contrary to the european union 's fundamental principles and values
Elle sera de retour d' ici une semaine .
Le sens de l' égalité et de la solidarité est essentiel à la formation de toute communauté démocratique .
On connait les temples qu' ils ont construit donc -- où des gens pouvaient venir pour faire l' expérience d' une autre réalité
for the rest we shall have to devote attention to what europe can do in the field of combating terrorism - which is very topical at this time
Ma question est la suivante , Monsieur Fischler : combien de Noirs africains devront - ils encore être tués par des bateaux de l' Union européenne avant que vous ne commenciez à écouter ?
L’ entrée de la Turquie accroîtra la dilution du projet européen . Son intégration dans le cadre actuel de l’ UE n’ est pas souhaitable .
Ne pourrions - nous pas examiner d' un peu plus près ce dont il s' agit exactement ?
Plus important , cet art disait une aspiration plus profonde , quelque chose de bien plus sophistiqué que la magie de la chasse .
La moitié des plus de 25 ans seulement a fait plus de huit ans d’ école .
Nous n’ avons pas réussi jusqu’ à présent à établir une bonne coordination à tous les niveaux .
Certes , d' un point de vue strictement irlandais , le Bureau des capitaux criminels ( Criminal Assets Bureau ) mis en place en 1996 a démontré son efficacité dans la lutte contre ce type de crime .
Il s' agit donc d' un amendement inutile .
Ce sont les comportements barbares , pédophiles ou violents et leurs auteurs qu’ il faut condamner et non leurs vecteurs .
La tâche de l' EUFOR sera donc tout , sauf facile .
i 'm basically just a guy that likes to go fishing ever since i was a little kid and because i did i wound up studying sea birds to try to stay in the coastal habitats that i so loved
we have lunch at noon every day
instead of trying to purge these comments they instead went and reached out to the bloggers and they basically said look guys we 'd like you to become netizen investigators
Les deux principaux partis politiques américains utilisent de plus les moyens à leur disposition une fois au pouvoir pour redessiner les districts électoraux à leur avantage et au préjudice de leurs adversaires .
J' ai bien entendu Mme Castex évoquer l' autre horizon , l' échéance future , prochaine , de la révision globale des directives comptables .
thank you commissioner barnier
Il est possible que je sois centenaire , ou plus ; mais ne saurais le dire parce que je n' ai jamais vieilli comme les autres hommes , pas plus que je me souviens d' une quelconque enfance .
it sounded easy
D' accord , je peux voir un rhinovirus -- et voici un agrandissement du petit code barre du rhinovirus -- mais qu' en est-il des différents rhinovirus ?
mari has been to hungary
when the scheme was introduced the list of eligible products took account of the market situation availability and the type of product actually supplied to schools at the time
so first things first
the responsibility for licensing nuclear installations lies with the czech nuclear regulatory authority
what of the employment policies of our member states which absorb ecu 200 billion every year
Alors , nos citoyens sont désemparés , notre jeunesse est angoissée par l' héritage que nous leur léguons .
what has this office achieved over the past few years
Je me félicite de la prochaine inauguration de la Fondation Anna Lindh et du fait que ce Parlement assumera sous peu la présidence de l’ Assemblée parlementaire euro - méditerranéenne .
several contentious issues still remain
we are deeply critical of the common european police union known as europol
Mais je ne prendrai pas les ressources de l' élargissement , comme l' a suggéré M. Martin , notamment celles consacrées aux Balkans occidentaux .
Pour le moment , c’ est une perspective qui ne m’ inspire que de mauvais pressentiments .
Après vous .
Monsieur le Président , force est de constater qu' il n' existe aucune justification légale à la décision unilatérale des États - Unis de recourir à une guerre immédiate , dès lors que les objectifs qui étaient poursuivis pouvaient être atteints par d' autres moyens .
now is not the time to examine in detail how that control might be effected
Un gouvernement qui remporte un vote de censure ressort généralement plus fort de cette épreuve .
like my colleague from the presidency i also want to pay tribute to parliament for its constructive role in this last phase
this means that we must take full advantage of the new and evolving information technologies that are coming on stream
C’ est de nous réinventer à chaque fois .
Pour ce faire , il faut investir dans la formation de professeurs de langues régionales et minoritaires .
at the same time amitabha was obsessed with this drip irrigation technology that had been invented in israel
Mais cela n' est pas dû aux USA , c' est dû aux faiblesses politiques de l' Union européenne , et surtout à ses faiblesses en matière de politique de sécurité .
Un troisième point que je voudrais aborder est l’ achat de bâtiments à Strasbourg .
what a good idea
i would also like to confirm to the last speaker that the visa requirement will be lifted for the last remaining countries tomorrow
Les forces multinationales de maintien de la paix devraient recevoir un nouveau mandat dont la validité doit s' étendre jusqu' au moment où le gouvernement aura restauré l' ordre .
the common position was developed in tandem with the proposed nec directive and represents a coherent and balanced approach to achieving environmental objectives over time
i should like to ask the commission if it intends to intensify this network further expand it and support it in a community framework headed by the inspectorate of all inspectorates
it is therefore unavoidable to pick up the work interrupted during the final stage of the recent intergovernmental conference and begin preparing without delay the arrangements for carrying out the impending institutional reform
Dans ce casque , vous avez des capteurs intégrés sur votre front et au dessus de l' oreille .
i would like to conclude by making two rather provocative comments on the discussion as a whole
Votre élection n' a pas été une grande surprise étant donné que nous connaissions son issue depuis 2004 .
sw what about the other birds
in that context i feel that this directive is a fine example to give spectrum management greater flexibility as the reform of this telecommunications package intends
now those problems will have to be solved during the actual process of expansion and the commission is not ready for this
i think that the people in the middle east deserve that signal from the eu as a whole
Ce vote était très compliqué .
Les Palestiniens se sont plaints que la communauté internationale agissait injustement , simplement parce qu’ ils n’ étaient pas satisfaits des résultats des élections libres et équitables dans leurs territoires , que le Hamas a remportées à une écrasante majorité .
Nous avons également besoin que la bureaucratie qui traite ces informations soit efficace .
Toutefois , ceci requiert une rétention considérablement importante .
Monsieur le Président , Monsieur le Commissaire , Mesdames et Messieurs , après ce qui a été dit , il me sera impossible d' être originale .
i hope they will use the remaining time well
Regarde la définition de " mec " dans ton dictionnaire .
La plupart des fermiers africains , qui cultivent de minuscules lopins de terre , ne produisent pas assez pour nourrir leurs familles , et encore moins pour en percevoir quelque revenu .
it is true that women are more resilient to the current crisis in terms of job losses
i believe this is mine
( PL ) Monsieur le Président , le Tibet n' est qu' une petite partie d' un plan bien plus important .
without social transfers including pensions and other forms of support the risk of poverty would affect on average 30 % of the population in finland 37 % in portugal 40 % in france and the united kingdom and 42 % in italy
what did the spanish presidency do
Le seuil de mobilisation du Fonds de solidarité de l' Union européenne est extrêmement élevé .
Nous n' avons reçu aucune demande concernant un débat sur l' immunité parlementaire .
i caught them in the act
( EN ) Monsieur le Président , j' ai demandé à Mme Wallström , vice-présidente de la Commission , si le Traité était essentiellement identique au traité constitutionnel qu' il a remplacé .
Et tout d' abord , de définir ce qui constitue effectivement l' acquis Schengen .
( ET ) Je voudrais parler du rapport de Mme Muscardini .
because they applied the knowledge of education nutrition and then also benefits of penicillin and vaccines and family planning
L’ approche unilatérale de l’ Amérique dans l’ application du concept de dumping , par exemple , n’ est pas conforme aux bonnes pratiques commerciales , mais constitue du protectionnisme .
Ces dernières années , quasiment tous les pays de l' UE ont vu la fermeture des structures préscolaires .
Ces décisions ont directement mené à la folie des prêts hypothécaires à risque qui a mis le système bancaire américain à genoux en 2007 - 2008 .
La rencontre fut annulée .
Je préfère les trains aux bus .
Le dernier point a trait à la Charte des droits des citoyens .
Je doute que de nombreux Irakiens partagent un jour ce sentiment .
first of all no one turns down a fulbright and secondly mcdonald 's is always hiring you will find a job take the leap the women in my family are not exceptions
on the other hand a form of privileged partnership would combine the best of both worlds
what i can say is that the negotiations between the european parliament and the council were a most pleasant experience
Dans son rapport pour le Sommet de Stockholm , la Commission invite instamment les États membres à faire en sorte que davantage de femmes trouvent ou retrouvent un emploi .
L' interdiction du recyclage intraspécifique et du cannibalisme forcé est primordiale , tout comme la fiabilité des contrôles dans le secteur de l' alimentation animale et l' application correcte de la législation européenne existante .
Ce sont les normes écologiques et sociales qui sauveront l' Europe .
there is no need to follow young ’s argument all the way to the eventual revolution
further still a new electronic register will be compiled in order to step up information sharing between national authorities and to make controls more intelligent and efficient
Ceci doit toutefois s' accompagner de mesures visant à lutter contre l' engagement de produire de l' énergie nucléaire .
aids is a disease of our times and a mirror of what has gone wrong in our society
Toutefois , nous avons le sentiment qu’ il sera difficile de revenir en arrière .
so too does the idea that accommodating religious differences is dangerous
i would like to thank you for the discussion and for the backing of parliament
Une autre des conséquences de ce Barrage des Trois Gorges a été la perte de nombre de terres agricoles , que vous voyez là , à gauche . Des terres parmi les plus fertiles ont ainsi été englouties .
Alors , comme les Américains avaient inventé , dans les années 1950 , la pilule du bonheur , nous , on a inventé le sédatif du consommateur , c' est - à - dire l' étiquette .
Les choses les plus difficiles à radiographier , les choses les plus difficiles techniquement à radiographier sont les plus légères , les plus délicates .
when we were in moscow negotiating this document we were asked how they should have reacted
indeed one characteristic sign of economic vitality is the frequency of bankruptcy for business failures indicate a willingness to gamble and take risks on innovation
the eu follows the human rights situation in russia with concern and we raise - and will continue to raise - those concerns at our eu - russia meetings
we set great store - i want to stress this point particularly - by the role of the national parliaments and our cooperation with them in every possible way
i never for a moment imagined that i would still be doing this kind of thing at my age
Durant la dernière législature , j' ai tenté de contribuer au mieux de mes possibilités à la réalisation de ce dernier point .
today i heard about a physician who worked in italy who took nine months to get permission to work in ireland
what he 's doing is illegal
time permits only a couple of remarks on my part
Elle le connaît depuis longtemps .
Lorsque les flux de réfugiés ont commencé à arriver chez nous , l' UE a agi avec lenteur et est restée paralysée .
the commission welcomes parliament 's support for sepa which is not only a self - regulatory initiative but also a major public policy initiative reinforcing economic and monetary union as well as the lisbon agenda
if you want to stop a man dead in his tracks kick him in the balls
is enlargement the only effective policy of stabilization and peace
amendments have been submitted by all groups in parliament
if these forecasts are realised then emu is possible with ten member states on 1 january 1999 even if 3.0 % is maintained as the budget criterion
americans can not do anything they want but little can be done without us leadership or active participation
it is because they are complex remote and not understood
i therefore urge the commission to support it financially of course
Plus de la moitié des bananes consommées en Suisse proviennent d’ importations du commerce équitable .
En définitive , des emplois ne sont créés que dans la mesure où quelque chose est mis en vente .
Ainsi , la position du président est claire et il ne cédera pas .
Les rapports que vous avez élaborés , votre analyse et la nôtre décrivent un problème réellement décourageant .
Admettons qu' il s' avère pourtant que ces aliments contenaient bel et bien des protéines animales et que ses bêtes sont atteintes d' ESB .
and in particular to think about a fundamental idea which i think makes sense out of a tremendous amount of variation in the harmfulness of disease organisms
commissioner let us assume that both sides in cyprus agree to a solution based on the annan plan by 28 february
secondly the more political part elections human rights greater democracy
where services rendered by farmers with a view to preserving the agricultural environment go beyond good farming practice special payment should be given for example within the framework of regulation 20/78
Il s' agit d' une initiative exclusive du secrétariat . Elle n' a pas été entreprise à la demande des membres et n' a fait l' objet d' aucune discussion préalable avec eux .
Le système du CGIAR gère les données génétiques de plus de 600 000 types d' espèces , cultures d’ origine paysanne pour la plupart .
if you look very hard here you can see the signal from the voyager 1 spacecraft the most distant human object in the universe 106 times as far away from us as the sun is
D’ abord , les putschistes de 1936 n’ ont pu venir à bout du front populaire qu’ avec l’ appui décisif de l’ Italie fasciste et de l’ Allemagne nazie .
Montrez - moi un système complexe couronné de succès , et je vous montrerai un système qui a évolué par tâtonnements successifs .
the commission is committed to delivering proposals in the remaining areas by summer 2011
Tout accident est une tragédie pour les personnes et , bien sûr , nous exprimons notre sympathie envers les travailleurs frappés par l' accident de Tokaimura , leur famille et les 300 000 habitants qui ont dû éprouver une frayeur terrible pendant plusieurs jours .
Peut - être puis - je simplement rappeler certains éléments de base de ce rapport en séance plénière .
and i want to see if rufus can actually quickly identify him
we must start by adapting our own institutions and asking ourselves whether our own house is in order
we recognize in the european union as the commission well knows that in our dealings with third countries we should work for the promotion of democracy and human rights
Il envisage la protection et l' augmentation de la production et la création de conditions financières pour ce faire .
Je salue le soutien du Parlement à la proposition de la Commission visant à garder les lignes directrices pour l' emploi inchangées en 2011 .
Je joue à un jeu sur console .
Il importe donc , de concert avec le reste de la communauté internationale , d' intensifier l' aide humanitaire en faveur de Madagascar .
we need to fund the big projects in europe and the small ones
D' ailleurs , l' intervention qu' elle a faite à Toulouse sur ce sujet fut brillante .
in recent years the world has witnessed a significant rise in disasters in terms of both the geographic area affected and the number of victims
Cette tâche , qui est très importante et qui va presque , dirais - je , de soi , relève de la responsabilité des États membres .
Je terminerai en demandant au Parlement de juger favorablement la poursuite des politiques de l' Union européenne dans ces domaines .
madam president ladies and gentlemen this debate on the german presidency is taking place at a tragic time as has already been said
and if this is true and i think it is true the question becomes what now
Nous pensons que le traitement au sein de l' Office dans les trois langues de travail n' entrerait pas en contradiction avec ces principes , car il permettrait de faire des économies et d' éviter que tout se fasse en anglais .
Nous voulons voir davantage d' ambition dans le paquet et vous devriez commencer à en discuter avec le Parlement au cours des prochaines semaines .
Monsieur le Président , nul ne peut plus nier désormais la corrélation entre pauvreté et absence de droits en matière de reproduction et de sexualité .
. - Monsieur le Président , traiter de la question des fonds d’ investissement dans l’ Union européenne suppose de prendre en compte deux éléments essentiels .
add into that the mixed record of europe 's empires and some humility is in order even as we assert that democracy is the necessary foundation of human progress
in this context i would also like to stress the need for broad consultation and national consensus on turkey 's new constitution
Heureusement , dans tous les contrôles biologiques , même le contrôle naturel , la résistance est très rare .
Je répondrai à M. Karim qu’ un secteur des services dynamique est indispensable à la prospérité de toute économie moderne .
we expected the elections to be contested and we have discussed the problem of kenya often enough in this chamber not to be surprised today at some confusion in the announcement of the results
captain zidane definitely had not
currently proposed agreements with india compound this quagmire and further undermine the global pact for peace represented by the nuclear nonproliferation regime
i should like to state again quite clearly that my group has not given its assent to these draft amendments because the treaty has not yet been ratified and we can not refer back to it
in other words the commission would possibly take account of parliament 's objections and the commission would possibly amend its text to take account of our views
Nous avons gagné .
the higher he rose in social rank the more modest he became
Nous devrions voter le résultat de la conciliation dans l' espoir d' une proche révision apportant une plus grande protection des consommateurs .
Le peu d' argent que nous avons en Europe doit être consacré à des projets concrets et ne pas être dispersé inconsidérément .
it is likely that this innovative approach will lead to similar agreements being concluded with the other two main tobacco giants british american tobacco and japan tobacco within the not too distant future
it can help patent holders to find solutions for emergency situations in developing countries quickly and under excellent conditions
the same applies in the case of rail and air transport
the boy threw stones at the dog
the rights established alongside the creation and operation of the union also extend to the workplace
mr president the world education forum in dakar is a follow - up to the first conference of education for all held in thailand eleven years ago
china ’s internal evolution also remains uncertain
Le meurtre de fœtus est répandu , puisque près de cinquante millions d’ entre eux meurent chaque année .
Elle fit porter la caisse en bas .
On élargit son esprit . On prend ce sentiment lorsque l' on pense à une maman , et on l' étend à tous les êtres , dans cette méditation .
he invoked rule 143 of the rules of procedure raising the question of prejudice and contesting the legal base for mrs schleicher 's report
nathan wolfe this species yeah and there 's many many more pathogens that are present in these animals
all of this could have a significant impact on poor and vulnerable segments of the population compounded by possible hikes in food prices and a further rise in unemployment
Si vous y allez et cherchez quelque chose , par exemple Google.com , les différentes versions que nous avons , voila à quoi ça ressemblait en version Alpha et voila à quoi ça ressemblait à Stanford .
with that kind of cooperation we would probably also be able to communicate the european union 's current news at times of day when media audiences are largest
Seulement , je trouve que l' adaptation que vous annoncez n' est pas très précise dans ses implications .
Nombre d' existences ont été détruites en l' espace de quelques instants et en Autriche , par exemple , plus de 20 000 hectares de terres cultivées ont été submergées .
i therefore ask whether we should not take the step that would make free - riding impossible and uncomfortable
Cet organisme veut écouler ces 500 000 tonnes de noix en janvier 2010 .
it is true that this is also included in the proposal but i would like to increase its share considerably
a regular mutual presence of the secretary general of nato and of the head of eu foreign policy in the councils of both organizations does n’t require much time and effort
a number of colleagues whose names are now being read out are no longer here
C' est à cette étape charnière que se trouve le Sud - Soudan car entre aujourd'hui et le 9 juillet , date à laquelle sera officiellement actée l' indépendance , beaucoup de choses peuvent se passer .
it is not surprising that he was elected mayor
more concessional finance will be available for low - income countries and international liquidity will be increased by a hand - out of $ 250 billion in special drawing rights sdrs
with many actors in haiti this is no trivial challenge but we have consistently been a very strong voice for un - led humanitarian coordination
on behalf of the uen group - pl minister commissioner at the last moment we are breaking the eu 's rather compromising silence on the matter of georgia
the commission did not in fact consider this wanting merely to ensure that key information really is contained in the summary
Nous devons assumer nos responsabilités à nos frontières .
Il pourrait être un modèle pour des États limitrophes tels que l’ Ouzbékistan , le Kazakhstan et le Tadjikistan , qui maintiennent des systèmes autoritaires se trouvant seulement en transition partielle .
i have very high - tech equipment of gloves scissors and a bucket
- drug prices in rich countries must remain higher through patent protection to preserve incentives for innovation
i mean this went through thick and thin through war and peace through boom times and recessions
Je suis persuadé que nous pourrons agir comme il se doit au cours de cette semaine .
i believe in fact that we should be proud of the proposals we have made
Je crois que cet aspect ne peut pas être assez souligné .
La semaine dernière , le conseil d' administration de la radio a toutefois décidé de mettre un terme à la diffusion de Rádio Pátria dans les langues minoritaires sur les ondes moyennes en raison d' un manque de fonds .
Nous devons établir une démocratie de l' euro pour que notre monnaie puisse exercer une certaine influence dans le monde pour surmonter cette crise qui revêt une dimension mondiale .
auteur . - ( PL ) Monsieur le Président , c' est mon premier mandat de député du Parlement européen , mais je me souviens qu' il s' agit de notre troisième débat au sujet du Soudan .
Quelle profondeur ?
in the first decade of the post - cold war era the us trained much of its attention on europe
Je serais intéressé de savoir s’ il existe des preuves , par exemple au niveau d’ Europol ou d’ Interpol , tendant à montrer que le général en question est en fait toujours en Croatie .
unfortunately not much progress was made in the last five conferences
J' ai voté en faveur de ce rapport d' initiative du Parlement , compte tenu de l' importance de l' agenda numérique s' agissant de renforcer le leadership technologique européen .
in may for the first time the consultative group meeting discussed the crisis in northern uganda as a national issue and there were substantial contributions from civil society
with the currency at a level that makes argentina competitive again reconstruction can begin
free media would also help
however i can assure you that all the vice - presidents make a great effort in this respect
( NL ) Madame la Présidente , il est bon qu' un certain nombre d' initiatives aient été prises en vue de commémorer comme il se doit les victimes des systèmes totalitaires .
madam president ladies and gentlemen forgive me but it seems to me that the mechanisms being used at the moment are sufficient
Personne n’ aime se faire manipuler , ne serait - ce qu’ en étant sous influence .
Tu éviteras à ton père de se faire beaucoup de soucis , simplement en lui écrivant une lettre
other possibilities are available to us opinions to be given on commission or council initiatives or own - initiative reports
Monsieur le Président , le problème avec les menaces de guerre que font peser les États - Unis sur l' Irak n' est pas tant que l' on souhaite renverser un régime non démocratique .
you 're probably tired after such a long flight
over the last few years we have moved to a whole new approach on the european regulation of securities designed to ensure that europe can react quickly and effectively to market developments and opportunities
but as an entrepreneur you do n't do accounting you hire accountants
On ne peut traiter de la même manière les pays caractérisés par un régime d' inondations et de sécheresses , comme les pays méditerranéens , et les pays septentrionaux .
Je pense que nous devons prendre en considération tous ces facteurs quand nous évaluons la situation et mettons au point les autres mesures que nous devons adopter en matière de solidarité européenne et qui reposent sur ce principe .
Que proposons - nous aux jeunes au niveau européen , pour qu' ils ne donnent pas leur voix aux fascistes lors des élections européennes ?
( NL ) Monsieur le Président , en plus d' une cohésion sociale et économique , ce traité établit un troisième objectif , la cohésion territoriale , pour l' ensemble de l' Union expressément .
Ce que nous essayons d' obtenir par le biais de cette législation , c' est de garantir le statut d' organisation internationale qui permettrait , par conséquent , compte tenu de la législation sur la TVA en vigueur aujourd'hui , de garantir l' exemption de la TVA .
instead it has enabled america ’s failures to spread around the world like a contagious disease
Monsieur le Président , nous devons bien reconnaître une chose : avant chaque sommet , nous devons constater que la situation en matière de développement durable s' est dégradée depuis le sommet précédent .
Dès lors , le principal défi auquel nous faisons à présent face est de nous libérer de la dépendance aux matériaux russes .
La mission des deux escadrons était de se débarrasser de tous ces missiles Scud .
A partir de mars 2009 , la Banque nationale suisse est devenue la première banque centrale occidentale à vouloir influer sur le taux de change de sa monnaie par des interventions .
the high level of cooperation between parliament and the eib during the last five years has been mentioned in this debate
Voici les amendements que la Commission peut accepter : le rapport propose une série d' amendements concernant des incitations fiscales , un sujet que beaucoup d' orateurs ont également abordé au cours du débat de ce soir .
Ce sont les terres de quelqu' un .
Il y avait trois autres expeditions sur la montagne , une équipe Américaine , une équipe Neo Zelandaise , et une équipe IMAX .
first of all thank you all for your comments
Au fait , si vous pensez être très loin de ce pétrole , à 1 000 mètres sous votre siège , se trouve l' un des plus grands champs pétrolifères du monde .
a great many of today 's european countries were created by in effect breaking away from another country issuing a unilateral declaration of independence and ultimately gaining recognition from other countries
L' idée est que , pour ce qui est des domaines dans lesquels des régimes internationaux établissant la responsabilité sont efficacement en vigueur , la directive sur la responsabilité environnementale ne devrait pas s' appliquer en priorité .
Depuis l’ automne 2005 , les frères Kaczynski sont à la tête d’ une coalition conservatrice et populiste , agrémentée d’ une bonne dose de nationalisme – représentée par la petite Ligue des familles polonaises ( LPR ) .
Par contre , le seuil des dépenses obligatoires pour ces actions , fixé à un cinquième du budget , est excessif et doit être revu à la baisse .
Comment d’ ailleurs expliquer que nos vingt-cinq gouvernements européens aient tous été d’ accord pour adopter cette Constitution ?
Nous avons uvré à l' avant - plan en vue de favoriser une plus grande ouverture et une meilleure gestion au sein de la Commission , et maintenant , l' heure est venue de mettre de l' ordre dans notre Parlement .
the report calls however for vigilance with regard to the use made of eib loans by commercial banks and for a code of conduct between the commercial banks and the eib in this respect
after he died i realized that no one writes to me anymore
these proposed amendments include strengthening the enforcement of the regulation clarification of its provisions and further alignment with the basel convention
in that area i wish to support amendment no 21 by mr liese
however that means - as i also said previously - that essential elements of the lisbon policy based on the new treaty at least parts relating to the budget will be postponed until after 2014
we believe that the eu needs to make this move for the sake of our economic growth climate and energy security
Nous devons exclure les importations à propos desquelles nous avons le moindre doute .
the effects of the full battle between the voluntary cooperation of the european sovereign states and the dictatorial incorporation of those states into the european superstate have yet to be witnessed
Dans le domaine des ententes , le terrain est , d' une certaine manière , plus favorable à un accord plus large entre les États membres et les acteurs publics .
that was the justification
J' aimerais te présenter à ma femme .
if technical lead times are not respected costs are increased leading to a doubly negative result
we should not confuse the excellence principle with the centralising of research in large centres exclusively
she laid her baby on the bed
Je comprends la question de madame la députée , parce qu' il existe un risque , à l' avenir , d' introduction graduelle d' un classement prioritaire du trafic .
Monsieur le Président , je voudrais avant tout féliciter le Parlement , en particulier le rapporteur Mme Peijs que je remercie pour l' excellent travail qu' elle a accompli et le bon rapport qu' elle a élaboré dans ce domaine si technique .
– madam president commissioner rapporteurs thank you for the work you have done
Une politique cohérente de l' Union européenne est aujourd'hui nécessaire sur ces questions .
we ca n't do this again
Sur la base des recherches qui ont fait l’ objet de publications , le pays représente 64 % de toute la recherche entreprise sur le continent .
we are respecting this agreement
Le chien était en train de mourir .
his requests are not in the form of the text of this regulation but this is about implementing acts and they are there in the commission 's commitment
safety is what matters most
Il est beaucoup plus facile de résoudre les problèmes lorsqu ' une concertation convenable a pu avoir lieu .
because you know when you look at a piece of music -- for example if i just open my little motorbike bag -- we have here hopefully a piece of music that is full of little black dots on the page
learn to manage it
Les questeurs ont reçu l' instruction de se pencher à nouveau sur cette question afin d' instaurer des règles plus strictes en la matière dans le bâtiment .
may god bless you if you do this mr bolkestein
Le premier point est la question de la décentralisation .
that means that the three institutions will have to work on this issue and cooperation is therefore highly appropriate
lastly i believe that the aim of reviewing consumer legislation in the eu must be to strengthen consumer protection not to increase trade between member states
it is without doubt the most important initiative on health of this present commission
À présent , permettez - moi de faire un petit commentaire sur mon rapport proprement dit , et qui a également trait à la conjoncture économique .
i picked up some french here and there
C' est pourquoi il faut davantage tenir compte de la grande diversité des conceptions en matière de qualité , ainsi que des goûts du consommateur en Europe .
Il faudra , pour pouvoir relever ces défis , disposer d' un financement suffisant après 2013 .
the iranian government fears that electricity shortages slow economic growth and high unemployment will turn the populace against it
malta prefers to keep it as it is so that it can keep its request for contributions from the european union high as well
while this does not seem to create particular problems in category 1 the payment appropriations for the structural funds will very likely be fully used
La situation diffère quelque peu aux Pays - Bas et je voudrais développer ce point dans ma troisième remarque .
we will continue to make every effort to find a solution before the cancun ministerial conference
Je voudrais lire quelques livres sur Lincoln .
so that 's 20 micrometers across that pollen grain there
vice - president of the commission - mr president many remarks have been made
Ce sont les amendements qui proposent les secteurs spécifiques comme l' agriculture , la sylviculture , la pêche ou les activités de loisir .
Dans son discours d' adieu , l' ex - président Khatami a lancé un appel en faveur du dialogue entre les civilisations et entre les religions .
Le programme Culture 2000 a donc trouvé sa forme finale lors de la conciliation entre le Parlement et le Conseil à la fin de l' année dernière .
the sterckx ainardi and savary reports are more in tune with the needs of today
Reconnaissez qu' en sous-estimant le décrochage de poids spécifique de la récolte européenne de blé , vous handicapez la conclusion de contrats .
Mais ce qui définit le plus l’ expérience latino-américaine aujourd’hui est que les autorités , tout en défendant publiquement les vertus d’ un taux de change flottant , interviennent activement sur le marché des changes , mais cette fois - ci de manière différente et créative .
Je ferai mine de coopérer .
through the amendments approved by the committee on development and cooperation we ask that the rationalisation of the external service should not mean the closure of delegations in the developing countries
Il y a une ruée vers l' or sur terre , et c' est une ruée vers l' or du thon rouge .
La liste des résultats politiques de Montréal est véritablement impressionnante .
Nous en avons besoin pour l' emploi , pour de nouvelles compétences et connaissances , pour des compétences sociales , de même que pour la promotion de la citoyenneté et pour les valeurs qui nous unissent .
Compte tenu de son attitude arrogante vis-à-vis des gouvernements démocratiquement élus des États membres , la Cour de justice est en réalité une autorité autoproclamée en Europe .
i believe that these seven reports also demonstrate that parliament attaches great importance to this issue of the fight against terrorism
the protection of privacy which the directive is right to have as its objective is seriously threatened by mr cappato 's view
La vie dans les camps , semble -t -il , est de plus en plus précaire et la distribution alimentaire , d' après ce que dit " Médecins du Monde " , y est très irrégulière .
perhaps i can say a few words on each of them in turn
europe has been a huge winner from globalisation
En effet , le Parlement débloquera les crédits de cette réserve s' il reçoit de l' agence des informations satisfaisantes sur le suivi donné à la décharge 2008 .
there have furthermore been very serious complaints of violence ill - treatment and torture
NEW - YORK – Ainsi que le montrent la volatilité massive de la Bourse et la correction des valeurs boursières qui frappent les marchés financiers mondiaux , les économies avancées sont au bord d' une récession à double creux .
Milan Kundera est mon écrivain préféré .
Parallèlement , nous avons besoin de politiques globales équilibrées .
Avec le Parlement européen , nous travaillons actuellement à l' idée de proclamer 2010 année de la lutte contre la pauvreté et l' exclusion sociale .
La cuisine de Huntington . Huntington , où j’ ai réalisé ce programme , vous savez , c’ est un programme télévisé diffusé à une heure de grande écoute qui je l’ espère va inspirer les gens à réellement amorcer ce changement .
it was a year ago in a similar situation that we set up a maritime casualty taskforce that has still not yet become operational
it should however expect and demand progress and tailor its assistance to the performance of the countries concerned
i hope that we can bring about change in line with what parliament wants
WASHINGTON - La polémique sur les causes de la crise financière de 2007 - 2009 continue à faire rage aux USA .
Nous parlons de l' appui légitime qui peut être accordé dans un certain nombre de régions .
i do not have competence to change the order of the agenda and the order of precedence in the right to speak but if no - one objects i could satisfy mr baldarelli 's request with the recommendation that he shorten his speech
with regard to the fragrance - allergy issue the commission welcomes the introduction of a labelling system for allergenic fragrance ingredients
Comme l’ a si justement déclaré M. Di Pietro , il ne s’ agit pas de nouvelles données , mais d’ informations sur les condamnations , mises à la disposition des juges .
with a cool head it is time to think about the possible measures that will need to be taken in the days and years to come
Donc , pour le métro de New York , j' ai vu une correspondance entre voyager dans le métro et la lecture .
the demands of the european parliament need not be any more reticent than the ideas of the commission
Je voudrais que cette situation soit immédiatement modifiée et j' ai à cet égard effectué les démarches nécessaires auprès du ministre concerné .
a broader international agreement on air safety may be a step on this road too
in that way we would gradually see professionals go from an initially heterogeneous level to a common level of continuing training
i firmly believe however that aviation safety has to be put into perspective
social democracy seemed to deliver the best of both worlds economic efficiency and social justice
Un marché réglementé ne fera rien pour résoudre ces états créés par l’ homme .
Mais il ne se soucie pas que des héros chinois .
Deuxièmement , nous devons aussi prendre des mesures concernant les institutions financières internationales .
Sans élections municipales , et sans l' application de celles - ci , il ne pourrait y avoir de coexistence multiethnique dans ce pays .
mr president on behalf of my colleague mrs ferrero - waldner i would like to make a statement on the negotiations between the european union and mercosur
Nous regrettons amèrement que notre collègue député conservateur ne veuille pas rendre la charte des consommateurs obligatoire .
C' est ce qu' il fait .
the anti - grassroots framework shaped by the eu with the stability pact and the lisbon strategy for the member states especially those in the emu in order to exercise financial policy is being strengthened
Si nous ne le faisons pas , la concurrence le fera à coup sûr à notre place .
Le Sommet sur les maladies non transmissibles de l’ Assemblée générale des Nations Unies en septembre offre une opportunité de focaliser l’ attention du monde sur le cancer dans les pays en développement .
Vous connaissez la procédure et le processus de promotion des questions de politique étrangère au niveau de l' Union européenne .
Je voudrais espérer et croire que ces aménagements ne sont pas permanents et je voudrais espérer et croire que les pourparlers de paix pourront reprendre .
the committee on the environment public health and consumer policy spoke out clearly in favour of research and for the curing of illnesses but also in favour of clear boundaries for the sake of human dignity
Mais l' IMS exploite les différents comportements moléculaires des tumeurs , et par conséquent n' est pas influencée par la densité mammaire .
secondly what will happen in the event of an economic crisis in the fisheries sector if no provisions for exceptional circumstances are adopted
we are also working in the cultural sphere when it comes to the areas covered by the regional funds
L' ordre du jour appelle le rapport ( A5 - 0230/2002 ) de M. Deva , au nom de la commission du développement et de la coopération , sur le commerce et le développement sous l' angle de l' éradication de la pauvreté et de la sécurité alimentaire .
Il est par conséquent d' autant plus important que ces dirigeants ne restent pas silencieux lorsque se développe un climat de spéculation .
could it be that with those more distant things it 's not a token for one second it 's something that is many steps removed from money for a much longer time -- could it be that people will cheat even more
L' avez - vous entendue parler français ?
À ses yeux , une intervention aurait placé les soldats américains au milieu d’ une lutte intestine complexe , qui aurait coûté d’ immenses ressources , dans l’ hypothèse où la résoudre aurait été possible .
Le Conseil ne peut adopter aucune position en la matière sans une initiative de la Commission .
Je voudrais faire deux propositions :
Quel est l' ensemble des personnages ? Quels sont les costumes ?
the ideas expressed speak for themselves
it does not surprise me that our partners and our citizens do not understand the jargon about the various pillars of our policy but they can sense precisely when we are united and when we are divided and ineffective
we therefore can not see any justification for aligning the excise duty rates for diesel and petrol
on the other hand i would regard linking the energy charter treaty to the future partnership and cooperation agreement as being especially important
Pour le prix de la viande également , nous constatons que les consommateurs ne perçoivent guère de différence à la suite de l' abaissement des prix pour nombre de producteurs .
Les nombreuses villes qui présentent leur candidature pour ce programme l' ont bien compris .
Les 70.000 milliards de dollars actuels s’ élèveront à 140.000 milliards avant 2030 et à 280.000 milliards avant 2050 si nous extrapolons à partir du taux de croissance actuel .
Nous écouterons d' abord la déclaration du Conseil et , comme vous le savez , l' intégration des Roms constitue l' une des priorités de la Présidence hongroise .
La fusion entre Gaz de France et Suez , qui contrôle l’ entreprise belge Electrabel , risque sérieusement d’ encourager les tendances protectionnistes , non seulement dans le secteur de l’ énergie , mais aussi dans d’ autres secteurs industriels , financiers et tertiaires .
S' il y a bien une politique - et heureusement il y en a d' autres - dont on peut démontrer l' efficacité , c' est celle de la cohésion .
the polish government has agreed to host elements of the modified european missile defense system on polish territory in the second half of the decade
Nous estimons que la Commission doit concevoir cette politique de manière à ce que l’ Union européenne ne redessine pas les contours de l’ éthique .
i arrived at osaka station at night
Un ministre des affaires étrangères donnerait un visage aux valeurs européennes et défendrait les intérêts européens dans le monde .
Le taux d’ épargne des foyers japonais a continué de baisser pour diverses raisons .
Monsieur le Président , la richesse mondiale demeure répartie de la manière la plus inégale qui soit .
Il est donc essentiel de proposer des mesures qui encouragent les pères à prendre un congé parental , répartissant ainsi le congé de " maternité " entre les deux parents .
Au moment de fixer le TAC , le Conseil déduira également un volume de cabillaud correspondant à la taille des rejets escomptés , calculée sur la base du volume total de cabillaud capturé .
Toutefois , la réaction est plus lente partout ailleurs .
D’ une part , nous avons entendu , en ce qui concerne la présente directive , que si nous ne prenons pas le parti des brevets en général , nous étoufferons l’ innovation et rendrons l’ Europe moins compétitive .
Elle a tendance à arriver en retard à l' école .
J' espère dès lors que vous prendrez en considération le rapport de Mme Ghilardotti , qui n' est pas seulement le sien , mais aussi celui de millions de citoyens et de travailleurs européens .
Et bien mesdames et messieurs , il y a un système réputé , que les compositeurs ont utilisé pendant des centaines d' années , qui prouve qu' en fait T est bien une note .
i am not a man
referencing steven johnson 's very lovely speech yesterday on where ideas come from i was in the shower at the time -- i was alone
sheep are feeding in the meadow
and she thought for a minute and said it 's the first time i can see my husband 's face in winter
i now hear that the court of auditors is waiting for the judicial inquiry in luxembourg
Cependant , on doit privilégier l' orientation favorable aux pays en voie de développement , depuis toujours directrice de notre action .
Il fallait donc remédier à cette pratique , hélas courante dans le passé .
i do not think these problems could be resolved simply through self - coordination given the number of retail banks and the difficulties they encounter in coordinating their activities
Tout ce qui est directement lié au service serait considéré comme faisant partie du temps de travail ; par exemple , l' administration , la maintenance et la gestion générale .
Mieux , il a concrétisé ses excuses en travaillant comme volontaire dans un refuge pour animaux et en collaborant avec la Humane Society des Etats - Unis pour lutter contre les combats de chiens .
however you did not utilise this opportunity
if the passengers were growing restive they would rise
Pour cette raison , il perdit son emploi .
Vous avez encore déclaré que , sur les treize actions législatives annoncées dans SAVE I , neuf étaient déjà réalisées .
La crise fait une fois encore apparaître la douloureuse nécessité de créer une politique étrangère et de sécurité européenne et , à terme , une force de défense européenne afin que nous puissions jouer véritablement un rôle dans la prochaine crise .
thus she has had two brilliant careers – in business and in politics – and has enormous charisma
Sommes - nous sur le point d' avoir une fusillade ?
above all it would be much better for supervision at european borders to be increased on the borders of spain greece and italy as well as eastern europe
Ce sont eux qui n' ont pas d' eau salubre , qui sont menacés par la malaria , qui souffrent du VIH et , par dessus tout , les femmes et les enfants les plus pauvres du monde qui doivent maintenant payer le prix .
Je me demande quel est le message que le Parti populaire européen voit dans ce budget .
that 's as clean as the ganges has been for a long time
Les enfants sont là - bas sur le terrain , construisant les bâtiments .
all sweaters of this type are out of stock now we 'll order them from the main store in tokyo
are you seriously thinking about buying that old car
C' est inconscient .
A court terme , cependant , le monde s’ est engagé dans un jeu géant de « passe le colis » , et aucun pays ne veut accepter les produits et les excédents de capitaux des exportateurs habituels .
last night there was an unpleasant incident in the house when for the first time ever a member of this parliament physically attacked another member of this parliament
Il est facile de dépeindre les risques auxquels ces sociétés sont confrontées .
S’ il est possible d’ aider les fermiers à obtenir des technologies simples , leurs revenus pourront augmenter , ce qui leur permettra d’ accumuler des soldes bancaires et des nantissements .
Plus l' Union européenne s' élargit , plus ses responsabilités augmentent .
Cela signifie également que ce que nous importons en provenance d' autres pays - tels que les pays de l' ACP - n' est pas réexporté .
the neo - classical revolution believed that markets were much more cyclically stable than keynes believed that the risks in all market transactions can be known in advance and that prices will therefore always reflect objective probabilities
mr désir raised important issues in relation to energy infrastructure and universities
the same was true for other artists james baldwin for example found a home in france
i 'm afraid she will fail
so that 's the visceral level
the agreement that has been reached between the political groups throws open the possibility for delay rightly so before the limit values for pm10 start taking effect and i shall be advising my group to vote in favour of it
Et People magazine , j' ai pensé , avait pris la meilleure photo .
the text of the declaration is yet to be finalised of course and i can assure you that what i have heard in today 's debate here will of course be included in our deliberations on the final version
Il ne s' agit pas uniquement d' un problème qui concerne l' Espagne .
Pour beaucoup de gens en Europe , tous les problèmes peuvent être résolus en leur appliquant simplement la notion de marchandise .
Ce devait être notre fer de lance dans la compétition mondiale .
mexico city – after 47 years the organization of american states at its annual general assembly has repealed its suspension of cuba ’s membership
Malheureusement , les problèmes de droits de l' homme touchant aux minorités sexuelles sont aujourd'hui encore souvent monnaie courante dans les États membres de l' Union .
D' ailleurs , la Grande - Bretagne est sans doute le pays qui a le plus fait pour la démocratie représentative .
Ce choix n’ est jamais fait avec désinvolture , mais en toute conscience , et la culpabilisation , voire la pénalisation , ne sont pas des réponses appropriées .
Quant à la gestion financière , nous devons être en mesure de déterminer avec précision ce que nous exigeons de la gestion prudente des finances .
La beauté de ma femme me faillit dévorer ,
you are n't likely to find that word in a dictionary that 's this small
De telles négociations seront sûrement difficiles et il n' est pas sûr qu' elles aboutissent .
Je lis souvent .
Je pense que cela renferme une analyse critique , mais il est réjouissant d' entendre un avis positif .
Vas - tu à l' école le samedi ?
Et pour qu' une page de l' histoire soit vraiment tournée , les acteurs du changement ne peuvent se reposer sur leurs acquis .
Mon passe-temps est de prendre des photos de fleurs sauvages .
in the case of animals and humans the real twin known as a homozygote which is the result of the splitting of a single egg represents a natural clone
i told you guys to go home why are you still here
J’ ai rédigé ce rapport avec un sentiment de responsabilité à l’ égard des valeurs communes de notre Union européenne .
Tom ne comprend pas pourquoi Marie est si populaire .
i refer to the exploitation of the job creation potential of the smes because the hope of a recovery of growth is the one essential condition for new job creation
for them europe may be too big to forge truly democratic institutions
Si ces copies techniques entraient dans le cadre de la protection , la transmission des données - comme on le constate tout à fait justement dans la recommandation - deviendrait sans aucune raison onéreuse et compliquée .
we must not forget this
so we have to make sure that as we design the joint external service we use the strength of both the council and the commission to have the widest possible impact on external problems
but their influence was powerful and lasting and extended in directions that they could not have anticipated
Au final , la campagne politique s' est transformée en un vilain combat .
Les mots inscrits au - dessus de la porte du théâtre faisaient un mètre de hauteur .
Voyez comme elles courent !
there is an urgent need to introduce the recommendations relating to the prevention of disasters
Avant la fin de cette décennie , nous passerons du statut de bénéficiaire net du financement européen à celui de contributeur net au budget de l' UE .
the eu ought to provide consequent aid to greece as soon as possible and seriously improve its capacities and means in terms of civil protection and emergency action
Au sujet de la résolution commune sur l' Irak
Ce qui nous ramène au Darfour .
it is fortunate that democracy is founded on the division of powers
she warned him not to go alone
nl in 2000 the european summit in lisbon spoke out in favour of a tough liberalisation policy and comprehensive privatisation of public services
even if these directives which are to be voted on tomorrow provide a barrage of arguments against any gmos the problem of genetic contamination of seeds in particular still remains to be resolved
Je pense qu’ il vaut la peine d’ examiner cette proposition .
C' est au contraire une étape importante qui nous permet de fonctionner dans un cadre meilleur et plus abouti , offrant plus de possibilités au Parlement .
Je suis heureux de te voir .
Nous savons tous qu' il y a fort à faire pour résoudre la crise sanitaire , mais il n' est pas nécessaire de financer des réseaux malaria sur ce budget , aussi utiles soient - ils .
the government did not bail out the underperformers allowing market forces to restructure the industry during the post - subsidy phase
currently these directives have a limited scope
madam president the philippines are a country with a rich albeit unfortunate history
the monkey got away
the debate has been dominated by the repressive aspects of migration policy and has shown scant regard for its humanitarian aspects
C' est le bon moment .
Étendre la couverture sociale aux plus vulnérables aura probablement des effets multiplicateurs positifs , étant donné que ce sont les plus pauvres qui ont le plus besoin de dépenser .
as far as tunisia is concerned the pretexts put forward in the motion for a resolution are flimsy and the evidence slight
thank you very much mr corbett
LONDRES – La Grèce ne va pas pouvoir honorer sa dette extérieure – c' est un secret de Polichinelle .
most of you look smart
mr president on this occasion i shall take the floor immediately and tell you that i wish to address the house more specifically on mr collins 's report on water for human consumption
Dans le passé , la Russie a déjà fait des virages à 180 ° dans son anti-occidentalisme virulent , souvent par simple nécessité – après que les relations aient touché le fond .
truth is pure but truth is painful no sane selfish person would ever accept things for what they are such is the masochism inherent in truth
Je trouve que ce serait un problème majeur pour notre crédibilité .
Et ensuite on avait encore plus de tuteurs à utiliser .
the authorising officer in other words the commission needs such guidelines in order to comply with both the financial regulation and the wishes of the budgetary authority namely parliament
Lorsque tu en as marre du café de l' école , tu peux aller acheter quelque chose au Bellfa ou aller manger dans un restaurant familial .
C' est une très bonne chose , y compris pour chacun d' entre nous ici présent .
we meps take the view that there are two principles that must be adhered to
he is small and weak
Les interdire chez nous n' empêche pas l' utilisation par les autres , chez les autres , et l' importation des autres .
now comes the very risky part of my talk which is to demonstrate that inanimate things can synchronize
what i love about this work is that it challenges our assumptions of what kind of visual vocabulary belongs in the world of art versus science
another key issue is the lisbon process
it is our intention to continue to be leaders in this area but in the interests of our industry we must proceed cautiously
i was beaten up by a gang of hoodlums on the way home from work
Une étude aux Pays - Bas a montré cette semaine que les consommateurs n' ont que peu ou pas d' intérêt à faire du dimanche un jour d' achats .
the joint debate is closed and that concludes the debate on topical and urgent subjects of major importance
remedies against tropical diseases are often available to foreign tourists from rich countries but not to the large majority of the local population
in the report parliament says that we have two items which are important
Les faucons anti-inflationnistes de Francfort sont très mécontents de la réduction agressive de 50 points de Bernanke et de la perspective de nouvelles réductions .
Ce dernier a accepté de le représenter , mais la mère de Chtoukatourov l’ ayant fait interner en hôpital psychiatrique , le gouvernement russe a refusé à l’ avocat de contacter son client .
mr president the post - nice agenda of the heads of government is motivated by political cowardice and not by the need to prepare europe for enlargement
Ils réduisent à très peu de choses les possibilités de limiter la publicité pour le tabac dans la presse et à la radio .
the british presidency acted swiftly to untangle the knots caused by the european court of justice ruling which it sought together with other member states
after the vote on annex 3
how then shall we regulate this range of content
Quant à votre question , j' ai eu une conversation approfondie avec le président du parti que vous avez mentionné , la semaine dernière , à Prague .
mr president what exactly does european innovation policy do
paragraph 1 says considers that the eu needs to move towards a coherent and consistent policy of upholding and promoting human rights around the world and to do so more effectively
security of supply is about keeping the lights on
the next item is the commission statement on the annual legislative and work programme for 2003
Il s' agit d' un guide complet et précis , sur des points clairs et bien motivés , destinée aux Etats membres , aux Institutions communautaires , à la Commission .
Un consensus dans ce sens n’ existe simplement pas .
according to international statistics there has never been a four - week period during which there has not been a major military engagement somewhere in the world but the territory of the present european union has been spared such conflicts
Cela frôlerait la perfection , Monsieur le Rapporteur , si , en plus , les amendements socialistes venaient à être votés .
Il est temps que tu arrêtes de regarder la télé .
Quatrièmement , le Parlement souligne l' importance d' étendre davantage la zone euro afin de consolider l' union économique et monétaire ainsi que la monnaie unique .
so what happened
we know only too well that the outline conditions of world politics within which our neutrality functions are different to what they were a decade ago
Et si vous prenez un seul cristal d' ADN , ça ressemble à ça .
and when i saw the people who needed me i was staying with them to help because i could do something for them
that is how markets work
by detecting the odor of particular bacteria or viruses or even lung cancer the dots will change and they can use software to analyze the results
Jamais la nature ne nous trompe ; c’ est toujours nous qui nous trompons .
it is very important to engage correct dynamics to provide the entire implementation context
it will be published in the official journal immediately afterwards
Je pense que ces personnes ont tort .
the mediators must bring about initiatives to demobilise the parties so that they can ultimately unite in one army
i shall of course inform the president of your request
what we need to hear from our leaders on friday is a bold commitment to take immediate steps to get back on course
we therefore voted against
we have done this after very careful consideration
On dit que si les propositions de la Commission ne sont pas conformes à l' avis du comité , on ne peut pas les accepter .
i mean i 've been a bit disappointed sometimes when i saw this data and all this deployment just for five people
social injustice and the repression of diversity of opinion encourage religious extremism
Je n' ai même pas les moyens d' acheter une voiture d' occasion .
On peut aussi condamner les atrocités .
let me stop here
Il s' agit d' une réglementation qui impose de lourdes contraintes aux entreprises qui acceptent pourtant , volontairement , de jouer le jeu .
Un grand nombre de pays du tiers monde ont soulevé des objections contre cette idée , car elle porte gravement atteinte à l' existence de millions d' agriculteurs .
beyond the issue of money there is the problem of a system of checks and balances run amok leading to governmental paralysis
so i was positive that if somehow we can make things mimic life let 's go one step further
the south stream and nabucco projects involve very important economic energy historical and political aspects
as i had the opportunity to say here in the session launching the portuguese presidency they were always the three main priorities of the portuguese presidency right from the beginning
a service which did something to bring scotland closer to the golden triangle of europe has been lost and so scotland returns to the periphery
Comme l' affirme le Trevor Projects , c' est de mieux en mieux .
then comes the question of quantity how much
La présidence portugaise a fait tout ce qui était en son pouvoir pour surmonter les obstacles .
Pas de protection pour les pauvres , et un maximum de spéculation sur les marchés ?
En outre , un contrôle des parlements nationaux entre en jeu , car ce sont eux qui décident quelles compétences peuvent continuer à être appliquées .
Il fausse les décisions en matière d' investissements , constituant ainsi un obstacle à l' entrée sur certains marchés tout en ayant tendance à favoriser injustement les grands marchés où les pertes peuvent être absorbées plus facilement .
Tous ses espoirs sont partis en fumée quand il a perdu son fils pendant la guerre .
De nouveau , il n’ y avait aucun moyen de savoir si le gouvernement russe , ou une réaction nationaliste d’ un individu , ou les deux , était responsable de ces attaques transnationales .
Me connaissez - vous ?
Incendies de forêts en Grèce , leurs conséquences et les conclusions à tirer pour les mesures de prévention et d' alerte ( débat )
the first goal we share with every other living thing on this planet which is to survive i call it perpetuation
S' il était présent , je lui rappellerais que cela fait 14 ans qu' un important ministère du gouvernement britannique qui s' occupe des retraites ne parvient pas à obtenir l' approbation de ses comptes .
they may only be carried out after competent expert independent and individual counselling and this counselling must cover medical ethical social psychological and legal aspects
we can not jump to hasty conclusions one way or the other
they made me go there
member of the commission - the iter project as the honourable member knows is a project which is an international flagship of the world fusion energy research programme
C' est d' ailleurs ce qui m' a amenée à vous poser la question .
we have to make states aware that the commitments made at the councils are truly binding and also that the issue of employment is the main objective of the lisbon strategy
Par ailleurs , une coopération à grande échelle s’ est produite au sein de la structure euro - atlantique .
in the united states the united kingdom and elsewhere pension funds are accumulating losses and experiencing serious liquidity problems
engineers are crazy about solar energy
it is open and relevant to all stakeholders and i again invite all who are interested to respond
Nous devrions faire un geste et , de notre propre initiative de législateurs , respecter les compétences de nos collègues des parlements nationaux et ne plus laisser la question entre les mains de la CJCE le soin de le faire .
Cependant , la fragmentation du marché se traduit par une médiocre transparence post-négociation pour les opérations de gré à gré , rendant nécessaire l' adoption d' un cadre réglementaire plus efficace permettant de consolider l' information post-négociation .
Voilà tous les commentaires que j' avais à faire .
Bon , il y' en a encore qui arrivent du fond là - bas ; Ca continue ...
i also get the impression that parliament has become entrenched in its previous positions with supporters remaining supporters and opponents remaining opponents
La plupart des gens sont dans les entreprises , et ce sont eux qui doivent prendre connaissance des derniers développements technologiques .
the chain reaction of reawakening nationalisms is altering the political landscape in dangerous ways
Le sommet de Bruxelles n' a pas prononcé un seul mot de condamnation , même légère , pour le crime perpétré à l' encontre du peuple irakien .
Il y a donc à peu près deux ans que la Commission a fait ce que Mme Sandbæk demande .
La Commission est tout aussi sévèrement opposée que tous les députés qui se sont exprimés au recours à des sanctions cruelles et discriminatoires .
Permettez - moi de répondre à un certain nombre de remarques .
she ca n't ride a bicycle
we liked the sustainable development chapter in ftas but wish those standards to be binding not voluntary
Je n' écarte certainement pas cette possibilité , mais cela dépendra d' abord de l' existence même de ces nouveaux cycles de l' OMC .
Ceux qui accusent le FMI considèrent que l' Argentine s' est mise elle - même dans cette mauvaise passe par ses dépenses extrêmement prodigues et dévoyées .
in mr parodi 's report we insist on a common language
the european parliament has at any rate put forward a sensible base for the 2009 elections
Partout les bandes armées de l' extrême - gauche imposaient leur violence et multipliaient les assassinats .
south korea has to compete with the economic and military giant to the north of it china which is at the same time the country 's main trading partner
Nous devons encourager la confiance , la patience , la fidélité et l' amour .
En tant que groupe , ce sont les personnes les plus heureuses que je connaisse .
Merci pour la balade .
therefore the more committed the whole of international society is to this issue and the united states in particular - since it is one of the top producers of biological and toxin weapons - the better
i 'm going to take you on a deep dive
Chaque ville détermine dans une très grande mesure la quantité d' énergie utilisée par ses habitants .
Nous essayons d' aider .
as for the budget i must stress that its correct implementation depends on the availability of sufficient funding
you are raising a new issue which nobody has been able to debate at a time when according to the rules it is not possible to do so
mr tomczak was expected and summoned to appear before a court 12 times but he did not appear at court
member of the commission - mr president i would like to thank mr lamassoure for his report
Si nous avions des ailes , pourrions - nous voler vers la Lune ?
Cette approche dictatoriale , sans consulter l' industrie de la pêche et les pêcheurs , est inacceptable et nous lui résisterons jusqu' au bout .
six months later the newspaper was closed
Ce lien est essentiel à la conservation de nos valeurs et de notre sécurité .
Nous sommes capables de faire la différence , mais nous n' essayons en aucune manière de présenter les choses comme s' il s' agissait d' une opération facile et sans défaut .
now in a few years time by 2015 we will shrink transistors so much
Souhaiteriez - vous une Europe fédérale dirigée par un gouvernement élu ?
Enfin , le pacte de stabilité doit également être dissuasif .
freedom that is used only to deny freedom must be denied
Dès lors , il faut impérativement modifier le système .
Troisièmement , l' ensemble des États membres doivent enfin signer et soumettre des déclarations de gestion nationales .
i must say that we have started to look into new forms of development aid financing
Le Livre vert sur le crédit hypothécaire dans l' Union européenne , publié en juillet 2005 par la Commission , a suscité un débat intense sur la question de savoir si les législateurs européens doivent prendre l' initiative et , si oui , dans quels domaines .
Sommes - nous prêtes à y aller ?
Mon ami m' a aidée .
Et en remerciement , ces juges ont reçu de l' avancement .
Soyez assurés que j’ accorderai toute mon attention à cette question , mais entre 7 heures et maintenant , il n’ a pas été possible de résoudre certaines questions que vous m’ avez posées .
Il faut dès lors tenir compte de cette situation et je voudrais de ce fait apaiser quelque peu les craintes .
but those who wish otherwise can take hope
her communication skills could be improved
Je n' arrive pas à comprendre ses sentiments .
Si une institution est trop importante pour faire faillite , cela signifie qu' elle est trop grosse et qu' elle doit être morcelée .
why do you want that anyway
come here before seven o'clock
. Avant d’ entamer le débat sur le rapport , je voudrais dire que nous devrions nous réjouir du fait que cette question a donné lieu à une discussion de grande envergure .
En vue de mettre fin à la ségrégation qui existe dans le domaine de l' éducation , j' appuie le lancement de mesures visant à informer le public et à favoriser le dialogue social .
we also need to build in the complexity needed for a strong agreement one calling for a new globalisation scenario based no longer on competition but on cooperation and technology transfer
it is there within every human being
that dress seems to be very expensive
if the commission actually did have convincing evidence in support of taking liberalisation forwards no one doubts that it would present it without delay
and i think that his characteristic self - criticism could be a signpost for us
Il n' existe qu' un petit nombre de remèdes permettant d' assainir les finances publiques : augmenter les recettes fiscales , dynamiser la croissance économique , réduire les dépenses .
so let 's have some very few examples
i am reading persian
okay three parties
Elle est pauvre , mais heureuse .
even though we have not yet started negotiations for an agreement we can continue and we have a legal basis
i fully support this resolution of the european parliament
i know that some critics suggested that i was supporting global action more because i supported european action less
Quand cela se produit , nombreux sont ceux qui achètent pour louer , jouant ainsi le rôle d' investisseurs dans l' immobilier , et d' autres achètent pour se loger , jouant eux aussi le rôle d' investisseurs , craignant qu' une attente trop prolongée ne les chasse du marché .
in the short run spending flexibility is appropriate only if medium- and long - term measures are in place
C’ est particulièrement le cas aussi en ce qui concerne le développement de l’ infrastructure .
europe should seek to make science more user - friendly both to its own researchers and would - be scientists and those in developing countries
he speaks japanese well but i ca n't speak german
La sécurité sociale dans l’ Union européenne est comme de l’ eau dans des vases communicants .
the satisfying of people 's hunger will in my view not come from the key industries of gene technology
Je me réjouis que la Commission ait pris conscience de la préoccupation existant quant à cette situation , préoccupation - bien réelle - que partage le Parlement européen et à laquelle la société civile est très sensible .
we believe in the light of experience over recent years that the quantitative approach plays a very important part
if this were to happen now in france it would amount to 1.3 million people
Elle n' est pas en poste ce soir .
Nous ne pouvons nous permettre non plus d' oublier de rétablir les relations transatlantiques et , au passage , d' arracher le respect de notre autonomie .
Mais ce n' est pas vraiment la question que je pose .
at the very latest when we hear how rigorously and scrupulously attempts are apparently being made to build up a gene monopoly for genetically modified seed the alarm bells should ring when there is talk of cloned meat
let us give our eu citizens the visible sign that we are backing the solidarity and support needed for the jobs and regeneration programmes for the new millennium
in general resolving trade conflicts between countries by diplomatic means has not always had the desired effect
and it can come from biofuels
we would like to consolidate the tec 's role as a bilateral forum to address both day - to - day and strategic issues regarding transatlantic trade and investment
Toutes , parce que nous ne sommes pas surs quelle serait la plus efficace et la plus efficiente pour drainer la demande excessive en actifs de première catégorie .
my problem rather is that only parties can participate in this - but what we are talking about here is european political parties - which means parties that are active in at least seven member states
and so the spongy soil not only resists erosion but sets up a microbial universe that gives rise to a plurality of other organisms
clearly there has to be a deadline for drawing up these rules as well as rules relating to producer responsibility
Elle a vivement recommandé aux autorités russes de se pencher sur les cas d’ irrégularités ou d’ intimidations dénoncés .
Le Parlement européen , comme l' a également remarqué M. le commissaire , s' occupe maintenant du deuxième rapport sur la citoyenneté de l' Union et tente de trouver des moyens et des solutions pour éveiller le sentiment européen des gens .
how on earth are we going to be able to ensure that in the guidelines economic policy concentrates primarily on employment if this committee is not allowed to have its say
Quand il essaie d' ouvrir la porte , on peut dire que c' était " Mission Impossible IV " .
that will certainly mean a considerable increase in operating costs with the employment of more staff greater expenditure on expert opinions and consultation etc
Elle devra travailler en étroite collaboration avec ses principaux partenaires au niveau de l' UE , et notamment avec vous , membres du Parlement européen et de la commission des droits de la femme et de l' égalité des genres .
Tous les bulletins qui nous parviennent - monsieur Wuori y a fait allusion - font état d' une situation très sérieuse en ce qui concerne le respect des droits de l' homme .
and the coffeehouse played such a big role in the birth of the enlightenment in part because of what people were drinking there
Une grande partie des projets liés au programme de coopération transfrontalière dans le cadre de TACIS visent à l' amélioration de ces secteurs .
En ayant donc maintenant un génome de Neandertal sous la main comme point de repère et en ayant les technologies pour analyser les restes anciens et extraire l’ ADN , nous pouvons commencer à les appliquer au reste du monde .
Monsieur le Président , j' aurais souhaité inviter la Présidence espagnole , qui est absente de ce débat , à garantir à cette Assemblée l' entrée en vigueur du règlement d' ici le 5 avril 2010 .
and that is where i end
firstly economic growth is much stronger now than we thought it was a few weeks or months ago
he found it in the idea of reconciliation – both racial and ideological
i began to doubt the accuracy of his statement
Le rapport évoque certaines propositions intéressantes , par exemple des mesures contre la spéculation urbaine ou le financement au niveau européen de projets présentés par les États membres .
Le groupe de l’ Alliance des démocrates et des libéraux pour l’ Europe reconnaît non seulement qu’ il s’ agit là d’ une tâche clé de la BCE , mais insiste aussi sur sa nature prioritaire .
the press is completely manipulated and anyone openly criticising the president winds up in a cell if he is lucky and six feet under if he is less fortunate
Comme un fait , tous les grands découvreurs ont été pris pour des rêveurs .
the business sector remains unaffected and continues to talk optimistically of the prospects opened up by closer integration with the mainland
Les emplois passent du bâtiment ( et des secteurs qui lui sont liés ) aux biens commercialisables et à la production de services ( et aux secteurs qui leur sont liés ) .
we have reached times of considerable challenge and dangers
Jetez un œil là dessus .
Termine ça et envoie tout le truc sur mon téléphone .
legless with only one arm illiterate unskilled -- what job for him
mr president i raised this issue before at the other sitting
and strangely enough the only plastic surgery that is more popular than breast augmentation is liposuction and most of that is being done by men
J' applaudissais . Ils applaudissaient .
Il convient toutefois de souligner qu' il ne s' agit que d' une partie d' un ensemble plus vaste .
as he talked he got more and more excited
Il est donc naturel que celle - ci s' efforce d' établir des mécanismes institutionnels , tels que l' Institut européen pour l' égalité entre les hommes et les femmes , afin de promouvoir plus efficacement l' égalité des sexes .
it is very important that member states make their own decision nationally to legislate on the rules for co - existence and the rules for liability
mr bonde asked me a number of specific questions and i would like to reply to them
Les données sont donc à ce jour insuffisantes pour que l’ acupuncture ne devienne un traitement d’ usage des accidents vasculaires cérébraux .
let us preserve the quality of our products and their competitiveness and let us guarantee a decent income and living for our producers and farmers
Nous devons adopter une directive sur les eaux souterraines , laquelle doit constituer le point de départ pour d' autres mesures destinées à protéger l' environnement .
J' aimerais également demander à la Commission européenne de publier en 2008 des lignes directrices sur l' application de la législation environnementale communautaire .
Le gouvernement Sharon n’ oserait pas commettre des actes criminels s’ il n’ avait pas le soutien et les encouragements directs des États - Unis .
Un changement dans la pensée politique de la nouvelle ère est en train de se manifester , changement qui pourrait se caractériser par le concept de " découverte de la Baltique " .
Comme l' a dit Mme Schaldemose , le système de marquage CE n' est pas la solution à tous nos problèmes de sécurité sur le marché intérieur .
the vote will take place at the end of the next debate
Quand à Lady Ashton , elle pourra combiner la politique et les ressources dans le cadre des affaires étrangères européennes .
so we 've got 35 places we 've got 15 priority commodities who do we work with to change the way those commodities are produced
what we want today is greater democracy greater codecision and majority voting in the council
the union has set ambitious targets to promote renewable energy sources and combined heat and power production
and he found the scoreboard in the trash
NEW YORK – L’ organisation Mondiale de la Santé a officiellement déclaré que le monde était en état de pandémie du virus de la grippe H1N1 .
it exploded like gunpowder
for the us energy self - sufficiency is the perfect excuse for a phased withdrawal from the middle east freed from energy dependency america should be able to concentrate on the pacific
La raison pour laquelle nous pouvons avoir autant de confort , malgré l' importance de la population mondiale , c' est le pouvoir des idées .
i think it 's better if we encourage our great creative minds to live
Non , ce n' est pas parce que je suis un fana de cuisine intransigeant et rigoriste .
Une coopération en réseau est envisagée par le biais de réunions régulières , le développement de stratégies de réseau et un réexamen en permanence du réseau pour en assurer l' amélioration constante .
– i should like to begin by congratulating the authors of the report on achieving a rare feat they have drawn up a document that might prove very useful for the washington summit of 20 june
Mais nous ne pouvons pas atteindre seuls cet objectif , et encore moins en négociant avec des interlocuteurs dont la vision d’ un Moyen - Orient stable et en paix n’ inclut pas Israël .
Je vous remercie beaucoup , Monsieur Pradier .
because the objective is to make new innovative medicines available to all eu citizens at the same time
i believe that mars is the most likely target for life outside the earth
i know what his name is
Personne n' a émis l' idée , à l' époque , de faire appel à un fonds monétaire européen .
we can not judge the parties equally
the democratization of philanthropy
En tant que Massaï , je connais déjà toutes les plaisanteries kenyanes sur le soi - disant caractère « primitif » de mon peuple et j’ étais donc contente que quelqu’ un d’ autre soit pointé du doigt , pour une fois .
Je remercie le président en exercice pour cette réponse .
Nous pensons aussi que le marché intérieur recèle encore pour les consommateurs un formidable potentiel d’ accroissement de notre compétitivité et avons octroyé , à cette fin , des fonds aux domaines de la sécurité alimentaire et de la lutte contre les épizooties .
we are dealing in essence with the compromise between access to confidential information information which comes into the hands of a whole range of regulatory authorities and the use that is subsequently made of that information
mother nature does n't negotiate she just sets rules and describes consequences
in the us yields on ten - year treasuries have averaged 4.14 % above the rate of inflation throughout the period of declining inflation that began in april 1980
Il y a tout au moins une crise de confiance , et dans la plupart des cas , ce manque de confiance est justifié .
Dans ce domaine , l' exemple positif que constitue l' attribution de la concession de l' autoroute du Brenner pour l' investissement dans un tunnel du Brenner pourrait peut - être faire école au niveau européen .
in 2004 the mechanical engineering sector in the european union produced goods worth eur 402 billion and employed over 2.6 million engineers technicians and other workers most of whom were highly qualified
the recent visit to ankara by the new nato secretary - general anders fogh rasmussen only highlighted again how urgent a cyprus settlement really is
he asked for more money
Je viens de réparer la voiture hier !
Vraisemblablement , ça s’ est passé d’ abord au Moyen Orient ou les Neandertal vivaient .
i shall not dwell on the positive achievements of amsterdam - others have already done so excessively in some cases
we owe it equally to the european citizens in order to combat easy and dangerous turko - scepticism
his complete ignorance of the accident surprised me
finally i should like to add that the eu has interfered enough in the domestic affairs of independent states in this case in those of russia
M. Khanbhai a accepté plus de 75 % des amendements déposés .
i reject these remarks on behalf of the cdu / csu group and i should also point out that i do so on my own behalf too since i as a german member of parliament am personally affected
Le T - shirt de cet homme dit , " Arrête de te plaindre , commence une révolution . "
the exchange of dna profiles and valuable information such as fingerprints and vehicle number - plates between different national systems has already helped to solve numerous investigations
Monsieur le Président , pour les chemins de fer , le statu quo n' est absolument pas une solution .
J’ espère qu’ il s’ agissait d’ une réflexion sur mon débit , et non sur mon accent .
La coopération pratique que nous entretenons avec la Commission est excellente , mais je crois que les choses ne devront pas éternellement rester en l' état .
Le contraste est saisissant . Il se comprend aisément .
let us not relax our demands
could i just point out the number of outbreaks in the uk yesterday was higher than at any time in the three weeks since the crisis started
Même si cette proposition de résolution devait être adoptée , elle n' aurait pas d' effet juridique direct .
okay so when that happens everything lines up
we see this when new technologies arrive on the scene
J' ai trouvé ceci au marché paysan aujourd'hui .
Je ne peux promettre plus que cela .
i wish to thank the commissioner and his staff for their cooperation and help i also wish to thank the council for its cooperation and help
while there are emission rights people can even speculate in them with over - the - counter deals avoiding the exchanges entirely
counter - terrorism is a public function and paying for it is therefore also a public function
i would like to thank the rapporteur for largely accepting my amendments
J’ y reviendrai dans un instant .
Idéalement , elles devraient pouvoir empêcher le recrutement de la part des talibans .
Elle lui dit qu' elle était heureuse .
Un autre aspect important auquel j' ai apporté de plus en plus d' attention est la relation directe entre les conflits et la faim .
let us say yes because the history of a european currency since the signing of the maastricht treaty has already been a success in terms of financial stability
Le Brésil peut donc s’ attendre à améliorer radicalement ses modestes résultats , 15 médailles et 21ème place à Londres , lorsqu’ il accueillera les Jeux Olympiques en 2016 .
the cases of two more men out of the 52 who were arrested over a year ago were not reviewed
i will read it to you in poor english for which i apologise
i ca n't tell you how happy i am that you 've come to visit us
Monsieur le Président du Conseil , vous n' êtes pas personnellement responsable de la rédaction de ce document .
the fact is that emerging economies benefit from greater opening
Un fonds de pension est tenu par une obligation d' acceptation générale .
and so we just had a disc of the files
Chacun connaît la loi .
did you see this kind of movement let me conduct you twice
Cela n' a aucun sens de mettre ce secteur sous pression si les mesures prises n' ont aucun effet positif sur les stocks .
La seule chose qui compte c' est gagner ou perdre .
Je voulais prendre une bière avec toi .
bf i think we were just outside
fifthly as regards coordination we note that coordination with the regional authorities has improved substantially although it is still inadequate as regards the local authorities
that is where it really belongs
Ma vision du futur et ce que je veux faire avec cette histoire de chiens , c' est enseigner aux gens que , vous savez , votre mari est tout aussi simple à éduquer .
Sur quel contingent ?
his obscene remarks will be expunged from the record
Mes chers collègues , je vous invite à prendre place .
Madame la Présidente , membres distingués du Parlement européen , Mesdames , Messieurs , chers amis , c' est avec une grande émotion et beaucoup d' enthousiasme que je reçois ce prix aujourd'hui .
Il suffit de citer quelques noms et les gens comprennent :
Ils ont des règles d' engagement qui les rendent efficaces et un droit international existe au niveau des Nations unies pour régler le sort des pirates capturés sans imposer cette charge à nos propres pays .
the committee on development had adopted this amendment unanimously and i am very grateful to the members of that committee for their clear - sightedness and their support
and the penis on the right the hand hovering
that is a very positive development
En fait , j' ai vu son intervention . C' était du bon travail .
and i guess many of you here think that this is quite fantastic -- except for me i do n't agree with this
the second question was addressed to the commission by lord inglewood
Nous savons que certains États , dotés depuis peu de l’ arme nucléaire , utilisent des systèmes bien moins sophistiqués .
it is also a pity that no majority was to be found in the first reading for the amendment to create clarity
Trois millions de personnes meurent chaque année dans les villes à cause de la mauvaise qualité de l' air , et la quasi-totalité de la pollution particulaire sur cette planète est produite par les moyens de transport , particulièrement en ville .
Madame la Présidente , Mesdames et Messieurs , j' ai voté en faveur du rapport de Mme McGuinness sur la politique agricole commune et la sécurité alimentaire mondiale .
Les compétences des commissaires ainsi désignés seraient fragmentées .
Quels sont les aliments que tu manges habituellement avec du vin rouge ?
Vous me parlez d' énergies renouvelables .
Donc il a aussi la capacité , tout le temps , quelle que soit la direction du vent , d' être en mesure de rafraîchir le bâtiment et de le rendre efficient .
but property rights and contracts are threatened at many levels
the european union is fixated with the idea of concluding free trade agreements with the southern mediterranean countries although paradoxically they only have a one - sided liberalising effect
Cette intervention , faite conjointement avec des parlementaires d' Amérique latine , pourrait être utile pour créer le climat de confiance dont les Vénézuéliens ont besoin pour fonctionner de manière adéquate .
Ce qui a disparu l' automne dernier est équivalent à tout cela . Cela revient en hiver , mais pas en tant que neige éternelle : comme une couche fine de glace .
Il importe que les services extérieurs de chaque pays disposent d' une formation de base propre pour pouvoir entièrement servir leurs concitoyens , et dans la langue nationale de ceux - ci avant tout .
C’ est pourquoi ce qui se produit aujourd’hui est à ce point regrettable , et c’ est pourquoi je l’ ai si vigoureusement condamné dans ce Parlement .
Ensuite , nous aurons le temps de voir comment articuler à l' avenir cette première solution .
Mais on peut étudier la question , on peut en parler et voir les résultats , car ces numéros d' appel seront aussi utilisés par des gens qui sont en visite ou ne parlent pas la langue du pays .
De telles initiatives attirent l' attention sur un débat confus qui se développe concernant les moyens et possibilités d' intégrer et d' assimiler les flots de nouveaux immigrants débarquant sur le continent .
the consequences of failure would be highly damaging to the eu and to the goal of balanced dynamic growth in the acp
it would appear that this issue however necessary everyone considers it to be is not easy
Eh bien , quelqu' un devait manger tout ça , alors on a eu le fast food .
Les autorités de surveillance ont - elles failli à leur mission ?
Est -ce que tu aimes la musique ?
so that 's where we were at the end of about 15 months
Troisièmement , ce faible taux de croissance économique et ce taux de chômage élevé persistant rendent difficile la réduction significative des déficits budgétaires et de la dette publique .
Mais il faut à ce peuple davantage que de la sympathie , car l’ incompétence de la junte militaire birmane et l’ oppression brutale qu’ elle lui inflige ne font qu’ aggraver les conséquences tragiques de cette catastrophe naturelle .
De toute évidence , les autorités roumaines accordent autant d’ importance à la lutte contre la corruption .
Le mois dernier , sur une simple période d’ une semaine , deux exemples ont illustré cette observation .
tom has no memory of what happened
Nous devons en même temps nous mettre d' accord sur le fait que le plus important est de travailler selon l' agenda et de nous préparer au changement de millénaire .
i would point out to ms mckenna that it is already permitted in beer
mr president i should like to thank commissioner patten for the work he has done
now to our regret we have to say that that aim is not going to be achieved in two years time
Je considère que ce n' est pas là une priorité ferroviaire absolue , à l' inverse du fret .
Le chirurgien a amputé la mauvaise jambe .
Nous nous opposons fermement à une évolution qui augmenterait encore le montant de la cotisation , la faisant passer à SEK 25 milliards dès le prochain exercice .
thermometers often go below zero
let me highlight some of these areas
second the fed ’s actions do not seem to be effective
dr she offers water and off go the two worms over to the kitchen to get water
how to do this is left up to the new leaders who are often credited with goodness and powers of persuasion they never had and never will have
Des poursuites sont engagées contre des personnes qui n’ ont fait qu’ exprimer leur opinion de façon pacifique .
Je ne sais pas quel type de système considère ce comportement approprié , mais il n' est certainement pas approprié dans un État démocratique .
Ce puzzle fait cinq - cents pièces .
i would therefore like to remind the commission of an additional protocol that parliament adopted on 26 january this year in other words nearly nine months ago
Je dois souligner que nous n’ importons pas de volaille du Viêt Nam , et qu’ il n’ y a donc pas de risque pour la santé publique .
Il souligne la réticence ou la négligence des Nations unies à fournir les documents de paiement appropriés .
yet the two countries unemployment figures are quite different 9.5 % in belgium and 6 % in the netherlands
TUNIS – Dix mois après l’ effondrement du régime autoritaire de Zine EL Abidine Ben Ali , la Tunisie semble agir dans le plus grand équilibre entre aspiration révolutionnaire au changement et nécessité pragmatique de continuité .
he has investigated the possibility of cooperation
Ce n' est pas la peine de s' inquiéter de pénuries pour le moment .
as far as the commission 's own communications infrastructure is concerned the commission is working on introducing stronger european encryption products for its electronic communications
En fait , les universités ne sont pas des machines immobiles .
it is sad to note that european leaders sometimes adopt such narrow positions too responding to the short - term demands of electoral politics instead of facing the challenges of long - term strategic thinking sarkozy too has fallen prey to this trend
Les trois dernières années ont enregistré un déficit qui atteint déjà 1.500 millions de dollars .
Les FED représentent une source de financement de plus en plus importante pour ces pays , et c' est , bien sûr , à eux , et à nos contribuables européens , que nous devons d' utiliser ces ressources de la manière la plus efficace qui soit .
C' est donc la majorité du Parlement qui décidera .
L' attrait et l' accessibilité de la région de la Baltique sont cités parmi les principaux objectifs de la stratégie pour la mer Baltique .
last november at president barroso ’s inauguration i asked of this commission ‘ would you buy a used car from them ’
Dans le soutien à l' initiative Urban , tâchons d' éviter la duplicité des actions .
Le vote aura lieu jeudi à midi .
the eu member states and europe too could demand legislation against genital mutilation
Cette journée fut en revanche extrêmement lucrative pour le financier George Soros .
she had only eaten a little before she left the table
Nous devons jouer franc jeu et proposer une coopération non seulement sous la forme d' aides financières mais aussi sous la forme d' une aide au développement de l' État de droit et de la liberté de la presse en Russie .
C' est un souk épouvantable où les relations sont inégales .
we 've got to be able to make the rapid diagnostics quickly
we are witnesses to one of the greatest of natural disasters and know that it is not the only one in the world
what you are is more important than what you have
it was 80 billion u.s dollars
we are preparing for a swift return to the same policies that contributed to the crisis in the name of the viability of public finances but to the detriment of a potential recovery and of the purchasing power of households
par écrit . - ( DE ) Je me suis abstenue de voter lors de ce tour car j' aurais voulu que cette décharge soit reportée .
and then early one morning at 6 a.m.
Ne sois pas naïf !
john kamen i think that you 're going to have a hard time meeting with them but i think it 's certainly worth pursuing a couple big really obvious brands
in this respect chancellor i am already deeply disappointed
it is true that we have made progress with the statistical plans for the union 's monetary area however we must go further
Nous devons donc sélectionner des individus qui percevront leur intégration à la civilisation européenne comme un plaisir et non une obligation .
Nous estimons qu' elle doit s' appliquer aussitôt que le parlement national d' un pays membre l' invoque dans le cadre de ses décisions .
i am the laziest person i know
Mais ce fut Deng qui , à la fin des combats , dut avaler une grande part de cette leçon .
after the historic decision on enlargement the european union now faces the task of making a union with 25 or more member states a success
Au 20ème siècle , de nombreux entrepreneurs , de grandes entreprises , des financiers et des investisseurs ont développé des produits et des services pour les masses .
the wife of the then american ambassador personally threw her weight behind the program
L' action notable du gouvernement italien , qui a envoyé un membre du gouvernement à Vientiane , a été très utile .
Et ce que nous apprenons c' est à quel point ces changements peuvent être puissants et dynamiques qu' on n' a pas besoin d' attendre longtemps pour en voir les bienfaits .
and the fundamental problem is we do n't actually have a word for this stuff
if the commission refuses to move in this direction it must at least explain its reasons mr commissioner
Des divergences de vue très marquées nous divisent au sein de ce Parlement et au - delà .
i 'm trying to figure out what you do for fun
implementation of the 7 october decision must of course take account of the g20 conclusions which call for the use of all available resources to sustain activity
if cheese is good but the cake is a lie what is a cheesecake a good lie
Les mines antipersonnel sont impitoyables et frappent aveuglément .
parliament can not change these details
Un espion peut être dans les environs .
in connection with amendment no 18 on the commission 's powers of inquiry this is not a matter for the financial regulation but for arrangements between the institutions
it 's not a country
one year has passed since the new europe 2020 strategy was adopted and the time has come to draw the first conclusions
Qu' as - tu fait , cette fois ?
if the european council is to have an almost parliamentary right of control over the commission then the president of the commission should not be a member of the european council
i make no apology for this and i am glad to note support for this line in one of the reports
that is why i am persuaded that the council will have to look into this whole issue again at once
Et pourquoi ont - ils été trouvés là ?
i personally together with my group am all in favour of voting to adopt this text and the reason for my speaking refers to something else
moreover money markets especially in europe remain traumatized by the festering global credit crunch
but that is exactly my problem because loans are remaining the same though we already know that extra funds will be required namely for the horn of africa
that was said with a great deal of humanity just now
Londres compte assez d' immigrants qui conduisent sans vignette ni assurance , assez de criminels , de dealers , de fraudeurs , de trafiquants et d' esclaves sexuels .
i only did my duty
Il faut désormais fixer un calendrier précis et contraignant .
and he once -- and he said to me he said young man he said do you believe in the resurrection of jesus christ
Quant à la question spécifique sur les organisations non gouvernementales , les monastères ou les organismes environnementaux , la Commission n' a pas la possibilité de leur apporter une aide directe en vue d' activités de restauration environnementale .
most of them are trafficked for prostitution
Ce qui se passe c' est qu' il reste encore un énorme potentiel inexploité .
Mais cette situation n' est pas conjoncturelle , elle est structurelle . C' est notre éloignement , notre insularité , bref , notre personnalité propre qui la créent .
Monsieur le Président , Mesdames et Messieurs , M. le commissaire Vitorino s' est plaint ce matin qu' il devait prendre position sur une initiative qui n' était pas la sienne .
L' ordre du jour appelle les déclarations du Conseil et de la Commission sur le Conseil européen extraordinaire à Lisbonne , qui se tiendra les 23 et 24 mars prochains .
– madam president i too join my voice – the voice of opposition against the previous greek government – with that of mr papadimoulis his opposition stance is understandable since he has referred to the year 2001
Le procès de Saddam Hussein et de ses amis du Baas sont une série ininterrompue de moments gênants .
spanish is spoken in mexico
i wish to join the chorus of praise for mr whitehead
one of the dutch newspapers this morning carried the headline europe safeguards the window cleaner 's bread and butter
De nos jours , nous voyons la peine de mort comme une preuve de l' aspect indigne de nos comportements , plutôt que de la façon dont nos standards se sont élevés .
changing the relationship between the bank and the countries seeking its help was no less of an achievement
children are dying women are dying priests have been singled out - because unfortunately the repression has also had a religious angle - and they are the chosen victims of the indonesian torturers acting freely in timor
Pouvez - vous estimer quel retard aura le train ?
yeah
the commission deserves praise for this
Quand on nous dit de ne pas venir , nous avons encore plus envie de partir .
there has been no understandable explanation of why freedom of movement should apply from day one to capital but from a much later date to people
this is something we should keep in mind when we analyse development and progress indicators as this report does
a technological breakthrough – the steam engine computers the internet – may play a leading role
En subventionnant ce type de formation , on ne fait qu' épargner à l' entreprise un coût qu' elle devrait normalement supporter .
Les conflits d' aujourd' hui montrent plus clairement que jamais que la solution militaire n' est ni la seule ni la meilleure option , en particulier en phase de stabilisation de crises — vérité sur laquelle le président Barack Obama a lui aussi insisté .
ray kurzweil and all the other talks -- we know that the stick is going up exponentially
Cela s' applique non seulement à la politique financière et budgétaire , mais également à la protection de l' environnement , aux ressources disponibles et au climat .
we state quite clearly that there are opportunities in both sectors in other words there are opportunities in agriculture as well
thanks to the internet we believe we can get anything we want whenever we want it delivered to our own doorstep
Le sommet de Göteborg , ainsi que la rencontre avec George Bush , donnera à l' UE l' occasion de réaffirmer sa position à propos du protocole de Kyoto .
the points in this report are also totally consistent with the eu 's digital agenda
we know that there will be new intergovernmental negotiations to reform the treaties on these points
in june the european council agreed on measures to enhance transparency
Quelle est l' idée du Conseil ?
but within regional cooperation there is also a possibility for projects to be brought up
Cela a été dit : la pêche est un secteur extrêmement important pour l' aménagement du territoire , pour l' emploi , pour l' identité culturelle en Europe .
food must be chewed well to be digested properly
Permettre aux prix de se stabiliser aux alentours de 120 euros revient à permettre la ruine des riziculteurs .
he is anxious to know the result
as any seasoned banker knows a well - managed bank should undertake internal “ stress tests ” regularly as a matter of good housekeeping
A l’ époque , les Etats - Unis considéraient que ces deux menaces de plus en plus liées risquaient , sans réaction militaire appropriée , d’ entraîner la faillite de l’ Etat colombien .
it will be included on the agenda for the next partsession
Docteur : Combien d' objets y a -t -il ?
Il fut battu par le chantre de l’ économie de marché , Ronald Reagan .
tell me what i should be watching for
it 's 14 hours 58 minutes who cares the last two minutes i say no it 's got to be 15 hours and i swim another minute out and another minute back to make the 15 hours
however for millions that is a million miles from their broken infected and disabled lives because you can only trade if you can make grow sell and distribute
Nous devons continuer à avoir une industrie textile en Europe , mais nous ne l' aurons que si nous pouvons lui appliquer les technologies de la société de l' information et de la société de la connaissance .
the european food authority will be a key ingredient in the eu 's food safety regime in the years ahead
Pour la plupart des gens , le fait d' avoir des enfants et une famille , c' est le contraire de ces tentations .
it is also a good example of what europe can mean to the citizen exactly at a time when many citizens appear to be in doubt about this and deserves all our support for that reason
this process is jerking along
you have been warned
Deuxièmement , la proposition visant à établir des règles communes relatives aux procédures administratives demande davantage de réflexion étant donné que beaucoup de ces procédures sont très spécifiques par nature et uniques , dans certains cas , pour chaque institution .
but this has changed with the creation of a european rescue fund in the form of the european financial stability facility efsf
Où nous rencontrerons - nous ?
if you truly fear a global economic meltdown you should stock up on guns canned food and other commodities that you can actually use in your log cabin
Pendant des décennies , ce pays n' a pas été capable d' investir le revenu du pétrole dans le développement durable ou dans le développement de ses infrastructures .
Dès lors , nous nous félicitons que ce rapport et la communication de la Commission aient analysé les stratégies des États membres , en tenant compte de la viabilité financière bien entendu !
Dans beaucoup d' États membres , de nombreux types de savoir - faire spécialisés sont détenus par des institutions du secteur public , pour des raisons historiques et culturelles , par exemple .
is the information verifiable is it a hoax is it true is it what
i 'd like to order the same
Voyez , Starbucks vous réveille , on vous tient éveillé et en vie .
Castro a du se rendre compte qu' il a la possibilité de faire pour Cuba ce que Deng Xiaoping a fait pour la Chine , mais il n' a pas de Hong Kong sur son île de Cuba .
Enfin , la mise à contribution de la BEI et le lancement d' un emprunt européen pourraient utilement contribuer à favoriser des investissements créateurs d' emplois .
Il me semble que l' Ukraine déploie les efforts nécessaires , et je soutiens la conclusion de cet accord .
that is not the intention
that is unacceptable to us on both moral and security policy grounds
are you content with your position in the company
excuse me no not in my life
De même , les Américains maintiennent deux millions de leurs concitoyens en prison : le coût de construction des prisons et des salaires des gardiens de prison est également inclus dans le PIB . .
M. Kusstatscher a naturellement raison de porter des critiques d' ordre philosophique sur les termes " véhicule intelligent " .
madam president commissioner the report to be approved tomorrow by this parliament makes specific proposals
Ce que les présidents des groupes politiques ont dit aujourd'hui m' ont encouragé à poursuivre mes efforts en direction d' une Europe unifiée .
these rocks have been hitting our earth for about three billion years and are responsible for much of what ’s gone on on our planet
princeton – today the world is threatened with a repeat of the 2008 financial meltdown – but on an even more cataclysmic scale
the commission will ensure a coordination role and facilitate the exchange of information concerning best practices and concrete experiences with coexistence among member states including cross - border aspects
i thought i heard you
Cette démarche est inadéquate et doit être rectifiée .
Concernant le souhait que je dois exprimer , je ne peux pas m' empêcher de penser à quand on est enfant et que tous vos amis vous demandent quel vœu on ferait si un génie vous demandais -- vous accordait un seul voeu à faire , quel serait - il ?
lashkar - e - taiba let army of the pure a pakistan - based militant outfit supporting insurgency on the indian side of kashmir was a product of these years
in this context it is very important to use the opportunities afforded by cooperation in the framework of the eastern partnership which would involve signing an association agreement and liberalising visa policy
it also seems important to me that any region that loses its status as an area with natural handicaps should benefit from a transitional period enabling it to lessen the impact of losing its subsidies
En bref , s’ il subsiste certaines préoccupations concernant le Pakistan , le Conseil considère que l’ Union européenne doit engager un dialogue avec le Pakistan sur ces préoccupations et non pas isoler ce pays .
i know just what you need
L' Union européenne est une société vieillissante , et par conséquent l' afflux de migrants ne devrait pas être vu uniquement comme une menace pour les marchés du travail européens .
but i make no apologies for the fact that before coming forward with a global programme we want to hear the community institutions and interested cultural organizations contribute their ideas and say what their priorities should be
why are we allowing the european aifm structure to continue to remain full of holes precisely because of this passive commercialisation
the citizens of europe will be more interested in what is going on in brussels strasbourg and luxembourg they will identify more closely with it even if they disagree with certain decisions
they were promptly surrounded by policemen who tried to break up the demonstration
Soyons honnêtes l' un avec l' autre .
that is what we must do right now on the issue of passenger list information which the presidency has discussed and which is also part of the war on terror
there has been insufficient delivery little ownership at national level and even less among society at large
mr davies is your point of order really necessary considering that the vote is about to begin
state of the negotiations on the climate change and energy package continuation of debate
Je dirai , pour terminer , que moi aussi je suis d’ accord avec les propositions émises par M. Barón Crespo concernant l’ article 2 et les autres points .
N' oublions pas que ce processus de paix est fondamental pour le processus de Barcelone qui se trouve lui aussi dans l' impasse actuellement .
mr president the water of the great lakes of africa is troubled and bloody sullied with death and suffering caused by human blindness madness and ambition
iraq 's government knows exactly what it needs to do to hide its weapons of mass destruction
C' est un sujet tellement vaste . »
Le cadre financier 2007 - 2013 a fait de l' objectif " coopération territoriale " l' un des trois piliers de la politique de cohésion de l' Union européenne , succédant à l' initiative communautaire INTERREG .
furthermore the treaty of lisbon makes the charter of fundamental rights binding thereby protecting european citizens personal information
Elle doit 100 millions de dollars à chacune .
no fair and sustainable solution to the problem of climate change or other environmental problems can come out of the irrational system that caused them in the first place
Un troisième point fondamental concerne les données de localisation concernant le 112 , notre numéro d' urgence européen .
Les sources d' énergie renouvelables doivent devenir le levier qui permettra d' atteindre le double objectif d' une plus grande sécurité d' approvisionnement et d' une réduction des émissions de gaz à effet de serre .
Je pense que vous n' avez pas bien suivi . Vous dites que j' ai été le premier à attaquer M. Ribeiro e Castro .
president - in - office of the council de mr president many thanks for permitting me to answer these questions together as they belong together in terms of their subject matter
pride in one ’s city has a long history
Je me demande ce dont nous pourrions débattre .
La montée des tensions sur la péninsule coréenne réduit à néant l’ espoir d’ une ré-unification qui fait suite à dix années d’ efforts des gouvernements de Kim Dae - Jung et de Roh Moo - hyun .
we started with the national food authority a government corporation tasked with ensuring an adequate supply of rice
La catastrophe d' Haïti a démontré la nécessité pour l' UE de revoir de fond en comble sa capacité de réaction aux situations d' urgence et aux catastrophes , en vue d' en accroître la rapidité et l' efficacité .
i have therefore supported the amendments tabled by the committee on the environment public health and consumer policy
let 's go out to eat
the difficulties of living in such circumstances however are surely less daunting than the hazards david would have faced had he stayed in the orphanage – assuming that he would have survived at all
Créons un cadre politique industriel avec des normes environnementales de rang international où les salariés et les constructeurs automobiles d' Europe pourront s' épanouir .
it 's already halfway over but something 's caught you and you 're drawn in and you care
Et le thé n' est pas bon non plus .
Si nous ne réussissons pas à mettre au point à Göteborg un vrai programme de développement durable , nous aurons perdu une occasion qui ne reviendra peut - être plus .
La prévention doit faire partie de la solution . Nous mettons l' accent sur cela .
there 's no doubt the universe is infinite
there are many questions we must discuss how strongly will we push the question of article 13
Par conséquent la Commission le soutient pleinement .
de mr president ladies and gentlemen we have all set ourselves the ambitious target of turning europe into the most modern and most attractive economic region in the world for enterprises and workers
On parle d' Autorité alimentaire européenne : où mieux établir le siège de cette Autorité qu' à Parme ? "
Quels sont les droits et les devoirs des scientifiques et des gouvernements qui considèrent que les risques sont plus graves que ce qu’ estiment leurs homologues dans d’ autres pays ?
i remember asking a nine - year - old boy i asked a nine - year - old boy what would life be like for you if you did n't have to adhere to this man box
i would just like to backtrack briefly if i may
so that is why i have abstained on the report
i think about eating a lot and i really love it
it is proposed that the system should be developed in four stages namely a definition phase in 2000 a development and validation phase up to 2005 a deployment phase up to 2007 and an operational phase after that
it 's kind of shaped like a t as in taking turns
Mais surtout , qu' est -ce qui se passerait en cas d' échec de cette révision ?
successful reform will be an important step in preventing the decline of american power
Par ailleurs , les entreprises de radiodiffusion et de télévision publiques manquent à leurs obligations de service public en permettant aux spécialistes des relations publiques et aux conseillers des partis de décider du thème et du contenu de leur programmation .
Tandis qu' elle a réduit ses aides sociales , elle n' a pas abandonné ce système et ses performances économiques sont aussi bonnes que celles du reste de l' Europe quand elles ne les dépassent pas .
that means that the legal - linguistic change which has been made makes greater demands after the amsterdam summit and since the linguistic adjustments were made
J’ aimerais poser une question concernant le travail plus général relatif à la politique des brevets .
even europe 's leftist intelligentsia now associates crime and urban squalor with immigration
Combien de fois les retraités européens ne reçoivent - ils pas leur pension en retard !
now i am here to tell you that the future that we were dreaming for has eventually arrived
a strong yen is shaking the economy
Les universités peuvent faire des économies de fonctionnement en aval de leurs activités .
would you tie those two strings together
in addition there is a clear distinction between return and asylum
Juste des habitants intelligents qui brassent de l' information . Différentes règles .
while globalization has increased travel it 's made it necessary that everybody be everywhere all the time all over the world
so it is a major issue for the future and for the welfare system too to reduce unemployment and increase employment
Permettez - moi maintenant d’ exposer quelques - uns des points que nous , les socialistes , considérons comme fondamentaux et indispensables dans le cadre de ce concept global .
only in this way will it be possible to maintain the competitiveness of our industry and promote economic growth and job creation
Mais aucune solution ne sera efficace si elle ne permet pas le contrôle .
if the union is treated as a common market then profit would come before the main aims of the union and it would no longer be a union but a market - place
La sécurité , par ailleurs , est liée à une détermination unilatérale du statut final des frontières avec maintien de l’ occupation de Jérusalem - Est , avec les colonies en Cisjordanie et avec le mur de la honte .
Après tout , quelques dizaines de millions de personnes sont sans travail en Europe , ce qui est plus que suffisant .
C' est pour ça que vous avez commencé en fait un nouveau changement de paradigme , où les mêmes personnes qui ne pouvait pas rêver de s' assoir dans une voiture , qui transportaient toute leur famille sur un scooter , ont commencé à rêver d' être dans une voiture .
Je sais qu’ une interdiction est en place et je voudrais demander à la Commission de nous donner un avis décisif à ce sujet , parce que nous avons reçu des informations contradictoires des deux parties de ce débat .
Pour ce faire , il faudrait un changement décidé à l' unanimité .
it is true that i will give my full agreement in advance if parliament goes as far as to discuss the amendments tabled by its committee
the key to the success of that 2005 millennium review summit and the un 's reform programme in general is of course implementation
Si nous ne discutons pas de faits , nous devrons discuter de rumeurs .
we are already seeing the first economic ramifications of 11 september a day that will be etched on the memory of us all for evermore
lastly i wish to lend my support to my group 's proposal to create a specific heading for aid to palestine
Dans ce cas , je demande au peuple du Zimbabwé de rester déterminé dans sa volonté et de continuer la tâche que nous avons entamée ensemble .
i woke you up
Ce n' est pas de la technologie pour la communication ; c' est une technologie pour se protéger d' elle .
it will outlaw a revolutionary decision by the european court of justice dated 18 december 2007
this approach presupposes that bank assets and exposures can be accurately measured
we can of course deplore the fact that this rich country - the leading oil - exporting country in africa - is unable to invest this wealth to combat poverty
europe has skills
Si je veux votre opinion , je la demanderai .
- Monsieur le Président , je voudrais remercier le commissaire pour sa réponse .
and that ability to get others to want what you want to get the outcomes you want without coercion or payment is what i call soft power
it was a dark and stormy night
fr madam president i would like to congratulate our rapporteur mr fjellner on the excellent work he has been doing for several months on these two reports
they teach each other traditions which are handed down from parent to offspring
Je crois qu' il est important d' expliquer à tous les citoyens européens dans quels cas il convient de recourir au médiateur ou à la commission des pétitions .
Cependant , par - dessus tout , je soutiens les points principaux des négociations énumérés dans le rapport , et qui tiennent compte des développements dans le domaine du changement climatique et de l' obligation en matière de droits de l' homme .
in addition the commission has adapted its internal rules to speed up the handling of its replies to the ombudsman
J' ai l' impression que lorsque l' on part en vacances c' est très fréquent , c' est à dire qu' on part en vacances , d' une certaine manière , aux ordres de notre " moi du souvenir " .
so three months after ted i found myself on a plane to london doing my first fashion shoot which resulted in this cover -- fashion - able three months after that i did my first runway show for alexander mcqueen on a pair of hand - carved wooden legs made from solid ash
Très peu de pays européens ont réglementé le lobbying .
the additions to it will be demanded of us little by little over the year
i had not waited long before the bus came
in high school i took a bus to school an hour each way every day
Merci à vous tous .
so some degree of flexibility has to be maintained
wages are set in centralized negotiations by monopolistic unions and apply throughout the economy
i assessed how long they were going to stay and how much it would take to feed them
the education sector should pay closer attention to labour market needs call for a method of assessing the results of learning and improve the quality of its own standards so as to become more professional
nevertheless various problems have arisen in addressing the basic needs of those affected due to the fact that bridges and railway lines have been flooded
i would like today to mention the problem of eurostat
no one wants to change the treaty just now
C' est déjà ce qui devrait se passer en vertu de la Convention EPSA , mais si les choses ont lieu dans le contexte des États membres de l' Union européenne , c' est bien sûr la directive EIE qui est applicable .
Nous avons besoin d' une Europe forte .
Je vous en prie , servez - vous de fruits .
the resulting fall in wealth has reduced consumer spending while the decline in homeowners ’ equity prevents borrowing to finance any increase
Le gouvernement japonais était peut - être le premier , quand ils ont décidé d' investir d' abord 3 milliards , puis 2 autres milliards dans ce domaine .
Il est de notre responsabilité de faire en sorte que cela ne puisse pas se reproduire .
Il y a le problème de la légitimité , et la Commission a un problème de crédibilité .
today however they serve as a useful reminder about the danger of linear projections based on rapidly rising power resources
– mr president no one can doubt the important potential benefits which will accrue from the successful completion of the current round benefits both for developed and for developing countries
Car , aussi « médicales » soient - elles , elles sont aussi profondément et intrinsèquement sociales .
the plane made a perfect landing
Des substances toxiques sont partout présentes dans nos foyers : il suffit de penser à l' amiante , aux ustensiles de cuisine et même aux toxines présentes dans notre nourriture .
Ce que je pense , c' est que les compteurs de gène ne savent pas ce qu' ils font pour le moment .
i usually tend to think that the book is usually better but having said that the fact is that bollywood is now taking a certain aspect of indian - ness and indian culture around the globe
D’ après les derniers chiffres fournis par l’ Organisation mondiale de la santé , jusqu’ à 450 personnes y meurent chaque jour .
to summarise the situation our rapporteur is not proposing an amendment to the text he simply wants to ensure that after the vote the services reorganise the final text as he has just proposed
in this area no risks can be taken
Les propositions présentées dans le rapport sont également basées sur ce principe .
i put up a vigorous defence against those voices in europe who give the impression that there is something immoral even criminal in building purchasing and driving motor cars
thanks to the icty anyone can read the transcripts of intercepted calls to deliver more “ packages ” to the killing fields
Invérifiable -- c' est lorsque je suis dans le coma .
samuel clemens mark twain was a big investor in the most complex machine of all times -- at least until 1918 -- registered with the u.s patent office
J' ai voté en faveur de la recommandation , et l' accord en question devrait servir d' exemple pour d' autres négociations en cours .
something like 25 years ago
it is unrealistic to transfer new responsibilities to europe without increasing the financial resources on which it can draw
Elle est produite selon les moyens les moins chers que les pays peuvent utiliser .
Le problème n’ est pas tellement la question de savoir si l’ Europe dépense suffisamment d’ argent pour répondre aux défis de demain ; le problème , c’ est qu’ elle doit utiliser les fonds dont elle dispose différemment .
well i put on my backpack again
Nous nous attendons à un nouveau milliard de joueurs en plus dans dix ans .
Madame le Président , Monsieur le Commissaire , toutes nos félicitations à nos collègues pour leurs louables rapports .
Au cours de cette réunion , la majorité des membres du comité a salué ce rapport et remercié la Commission ainsi que les autorités nationales pour les échanges d' informations continus et fiables .
- ( DE ) Monsieur le Président , la réglementation sur le système d' étiquetage volontaire prévu dans le règlement CE de 1999 expire le 31 août .
Nous n' avons pas manqué d' observer que celle - ci n' a pas inclus les projets pilotes et les actions préparatoires dans les tableaux joints à la stratégie politique annuelle 2009 .
mr geremek simply out of courtesy to you i am going to consider your speech to be a personal statement but you can not resume the debate at this stage
Vous avez également évoqué la nécessité de mettre en oeuvre des politiques d' intégration .
– as the previous speeches have shown this proposal for a directive has caused huge controversy which has extended way beyond this chamber covering many port operators and most workers in the sector
Dans les sociétés modernes , les contraintes institutionnelles comme les constitutions et les systèmes juridiques impersonnels limitent ce genre de figure héroïque .
bearing in mind that everybody has the right to social protection and a minimum guaranteed social income i believe that we must not forget about those people who were not born in the european union
Pour cela , il faudra modifier le système institutionnel et décisionnel de l’ Union européenne , car l’ Union ne pourra s’ élargir davantage si elle ne change pas son mode de fonctionnement .
Comment êtes - vous entré en possession de ce tableau ?
La transformation l’ eau de mer en nuages est un processus naturel .
B5 - 0631/2001 des députés Costa Neves et Coelho , au nom du groupe PPE - DE ;
C' est pour cela que nous habitons tous dans des maisons de promoteurs .
does it also work without registration
now i hope that we all know this
, ne serait - il pas bien si le gaz d’ intestin s’ incarnait en nuages visibles pour qu’ elle comprenne que son pan vraiment très inoffensif n’ avait fait que m’ effleurer le visage avant d’ évanouir ?
Toutefois , cette question est largement réglementée par le droit national et , par respect pour le principe de subsidiarité je ne pense pas que la Commission devrait s' aventurer dans ce domaine .
while many areas suffered there were flash floods washing away topsoil destroying many hectares of potatoes and flattening grain
they wanted article 129
we have made it easier for recalcitrant countries to be named and shamed into improving their performance
Nous pouvons confirmer que la liberté de la presse est considérablement limitée .
i should have kept my mouth shut
En fait , cela ne les dérangerait pas tant que cela .
so it takes 10 or more years for any screening method to demonstrate a reduction in mortality from breast cancer
this would be totally incomprehensible
taiwan is a special case
indeed the “ king abdul - aziz center for national dialogue ” is utterly divorced from domestic realities and serves as a mere propaganda center whose participants believe that they form part of the state ’s message to the outside world
deficits are problematic if they finance consumption not productive public investment on infrastructure
Le seul moyen de créer des emplois et d' assurer une véritable cohésion économique et sociale est de remettre en cause la monnaie unique , qui soumet les politiques économiques et les budgets nationaux à la domination des marchés financiers .
we do not believe them to be fully consistent at this stage with the principles of subsidiarity and proportionality
Permettez - moi d’ ajouter que ce référendum a bafoué les droits démocratiques .
Et parmi les différents modes de transports , le transport routier est responsable de l' essentiel de ces émissions .
so these are all the machines in a cell
eliminating it will not only help farmers and the west as it tries to curtail heroin use but also afghanistan 's infant government as it struggles to assert its national authority against the warlords
Si c' est ce que M. Barón Crespo considère comme une petite minorité , ce n' est pas en tout cas comme cela que je la considère .
moreover it is not only the council that is content with this the commission too unfortunately is very pleased about it
Ainsi , une plainte a été adressée à M. Legras le 1er septembre de cette année , il vous sera facile de le vérifier .
moreover we need to establish much more efficient common supervision of fisheries
he is the most valuable player in our team
Il n' a rien d' un poète .
i believe that the proposal for a corresponding group at parliamentary level is very positive and can contribute towards our progress to the next step after approval of the said high - level group
you 're like you know i think that 's an animal carcass behind her
L' évolution vers des coûts quasi nuls dans les bâtiments signifie , pour les entrepreneurs , que la barre a été placée encore plus haut qu' initialement prévu lors des discussions sur les technologies des maisons passives .
parliament will increase the financial resources earmarked for social and employment policy namely activities to promote competition and cohesion
no contract no agreement no society can be sustainable without justice
there are people here who are really experts on cancer but i am a person who has worked for many years in the fight against cancer and i will remain as such
so i believe parliament will do everything it can to achieve this measure
however corruption remains prevalent and i call for further intensive efforts to eradicate it
Et donc nous partons tous en masse pour la Finlande , et nous nous émerveillons de leur miracle de démocratie sociale et de leur homogénéité culturelle et tout le reste , et puis nous nous efforçons d' imaginer comment nous pourrions en tirer des leçons .
Elle m' a dit , " Non , honnêtement , quand je rentre à la maison je suis trop fatiguée . "
Le rapport économique annuel de la Commission est en effet marqué par une complaisance à vous couper le souffle .
the price should be so high that they release him of their own free will
transparency is vital to the public
( EN ) Je travaillerai en étroite collaboration avec le Parlement , lors de l' élaboration d' un programme pour la recherche et l' innovation , qui sera doté d' une authentique valeur ajoutée européenne .
Susilo , le nouveau Président élu , continuera - t - il de persécuter les journalistes ?
.- Monsieur le Président , voilà maintenant onze ans que je suis député au sein de cette Assemblée et je suis rarement tombé sur un rapporteur présentant lui - même un avis minoritaire sur un rapport .
winter is coming soon
but that was not possible as everyone will easily understand - nor indeed was it at all desirable
why care if it is the brain stem or the cerebral cortex and how this is made
Avec tout cela à l’ esprit , l’ Europe n’ est - elle pas allée trop loin dans la direction de la Turquie , malgré le fait que cette dernière se comporte comme un enfant gâté qui exerce un chantage sur ses parents ?
Il y avait 10 officiers de police sur le site .
Au cours des six prochains mois , la présidence belge jouera un rôle de coordination , au moment où nous apportons la touche finale au lancement des billets et pièces en euro le 1er janvier de l' année prochaine .
Quels résultats constatons - nous aujourd’hui ?
furthermore we have once again been presented with the report by the court of auditors a report that has always been negative ever since i joined this parliament in 1994
Dans cette optique , comme l' a signalé M. Bertens , il a créé une commission qui , nous l' espérons , pourra agir rapidement et avec diligence .
only if the people have education they have good health they have infrastructure they have roads to go to work they have lights to study at night -- only in those cases can you really get the benefit of a demographic dividend
Encore une fois , Monsieur le Président , il s' agit là d' une réussite , qui fera peut - être école pour d' autres produits . Je pense à l' alcool ou à certains produits agricoles .
Si 189 gouvernements se sont engagés , dans la déclaration du millénaire rédigée sous l' égide des Nations unies , à réduire ce chiffre de moitié d' ici 2015 , rien ne semble indiquer pour l' instant que cet ambitieux objectif sera jamais atteint .
Je vois en effet dans cette réforme constitutionnelle un grand progrès .
dad 's in an impatient mood today
Permettez - moi un bref épilogue , pas sur le passé , mais sur le futur , dans 400 ans . Ce que nous comprenons maintenant , c' est que les villes sont l' habitat d' êtres humains , et doivent subvenir à leurs besoins : un toit , de la nourriture , de l' eau , un abri , des ressources reproductives et une raison d' être .
Est - il fondé sur une évaluation sérieuse de la complexité de la situation en Irak et dans la région ou bien est-il conditionné par l' idéologie et des voeux pieux ?
Monsieur le Président , le débat d' aujourd' hui tombe à point nommé dans la mesure où des industriels du monde entier font pression sur les gouvernements pour qu' ils abandonnent toute idée de sanctions à l' encontre de la Birmanie .
but if they leave it will also escalate only faster
Nul n' a le droit de se moquer de la mémoire de ceux qui ont péri durant les guerres .
De même , certains États membres doivent saisir plus efficacement les opportunités existantes .
send me the account
Il n' est plus temps pour les astuces locales , ethniques ou gelées .
Mais sans le soutien de ces deux ministères , Poutine ne peut officialiser sa nouvelle politique étrangère .
there were 142 fatal accidents in 2008 and there have been more than 56 since the beginning of 2009
to be sure the opposition ’s withdrawal from the election just days before the vote was as chávez claimed more a symptom of its own weakness than of problems with the electoral process
on this latter point we must find a way of reconciling our principles of solidarity with more flexible social protection management
and let me begin with one example
Nous aurons plus tard dans l' année , si je ne m' abuse , l' occasion d' aborder les problèmes relatifs à l' OMC .
thank you mrs hieronymi and all the best
Je veux dire , vous voulez l' appeler sans Dieu , vous savez , vous l' appelez sans Dieu .
following efforts and actions made by some member states in the hrc today syria has stated that it is withdrawing its candidacy to become a member of the unhrc
Elle aurait pu aussi indiquer un moyen de répondre à l' une des plus profondes questions qu' on peut se poser , qui est , " Sommes - nous seuls dans l' Univers ? "
however achieving this objective will also require us to urgently either cancel or restructure the debts of the developing countries in exchange for the funds made available as a result being directed to education programmes
he could n't help himself
Mais oui , il y a des solutions .
and all the symptoms stayed the same or even got worse
Il est évident que nous avons , ce matin , franchi un pas important dans la bonne direction , mais il ne s' agit pas de nous leurrer .
i used to take a walk in the morning
L' ail dégage une odeur forte .
mr president mr bösch honourable members i would like to start by thanking mr bösch for the support expressed in his report and which he has just reiterated
Et , en politique , pour reprendre les mots de Machiavel , il est plus important d’ être craint que d’ être aimé .
Je voudrais une nouvelle fois inviter énergiquement la Commission à montrer sa capacité d' action et à faire preuve de fermeté .
Quiconque a une expérience directe du travail des infirmiers , des internes et des chauffeurs d' ambulance comprendra qu' il est complètement irréaliste d' imaginer que le temps de garde puisse être divisé en périodes d' activité et d' inactivité .
it is however of great significance
Je pense que l' Europe doit être l' Europe des citoyens , et le seul moyen d' y parvenir est de la rendre plus démocratique et transparente .
Le nouveau statut de la Turquie au Moyen - Orient peut aussi aider les États - Unis dans le soutien qu’ ils apportent en faveur de la démocratie dans la région .
Nous devons faire mieux !
J' ai dit très clairement que j' étais tenu de m' abstenir de tout jugement de valeur ou commentaire sur les déclarations effectuées en dehors des réunions formelles du Conseil .
however there are other important changes which have occurred in the meantime
Je le regretterais énormément .
Il en découle d' ailleurs un deuxième amalgame dans le rapport Napolitano , entre la situation des députés et des fonctionnaires .
i am sure the commissioner is aware of forms which are highly complicated and technical
in other words this report is not dazzling in its originality
we must avoid becoming isolated or marking time quite the reverse
Si ces mers sont vidées de leurs poissons comme l' est déjà la Mer du Nord , ces pays se retrouveront confrontés à un problème insoluble .
2 ) On note depuis peu un affaiblissement de la Chine et du reste de l' Asie .
prostate cancer is a case in point
there is much to be gained from globalisation but only in a flexible free market environment in which working is worthwhile
we also need something that has nothing to do with the research council
Nous attendons avec impatience la décision finale du Parlement demain et il est évident que cette décision aura une importance capitale et constituera une contribution essentielle au débat .
Mais c' est néanmoins sur le consommateur que des coûts supplémentaires vont se répercuter .
the place was almost empty
first we need to agree on a reality check
Nous avons avancé , mais , malheureusement , pour être tout à fait honnête avec vous , nous n' avons pas encore trouvé le consensus indispensable .
literal translations do n't work
we have done what we can to use our political influence to make the government of the slovak republic aware of the urgency of this matter and to ask it to carry out a thorough investigation
Déclaration de M. le Président
like many of our fellow members we have worked together for many years and we have also always received the considerable support of this house for which i should expressly like to thank you
europe is at a crossroads just as it was after the second world war which resulted in the birth of what was not then known as the european union
Mais j' entends dire les gens : " Il n' y a aucun progrès en Afrique .
Le Conseil n' est pas d' accord avec vous et , en tant que socialistes , nous partageons l' opinion du Conseil .
you place me in an impossible situation
Mais en y réfléchissant , je me suis rendu compte que même si mon nouveau livre me rendait heureux , je pense qu' il rendrait ma mère heureuse , ce n' est pas vraiment un livre sur le bonheur .
among other things doping and trade in youngsters are on the increase
C’ est simple , les risques auxquels sont exposés les petits pays périphériques sont inhérents au système créé par l' union monétaire européenne .
La transformation des croyances des investisseurs est frappante .
Nous devons donc veiller à la mise en place d' une protection judicieuse et étendue des consommateurs , mais il nous importe également de prendre en considération les intérêts des petites et moyennes entreprises .
various information systems have been set up to reinforce security but the framework decision on the protection of personal data in the third pillar has still not been adopted as mrs roure knows very well
J' ai donc décidé de voter contre ce rapport dans son ensemble , bien que je sois tout à fait favorable au réseau européen de sécurité .
the european union needs also to have a visible presence in cuba and i think it absolutely right that it should have one
Pourquoi faire pousser des maisons ? Parce que c' est possible .
La spirale de la violence ne s' arrêtera jamais si Israël continue à être provoqué par les attentats .
the current crisis which the car industry is facing also offers opportunities to completely change tack
Monsieur le Président , nous saluons vivement ces deux rapports constructifs , en félicitons les rapporteurs et soutenons pleinement l' importance vitale du programme MEDA .
on behalf of the ind / dem group - nl on the afternoon of wednesday 18 june i had an appointment with three respectable peaceable chinese citizens at a hotel in beijing
Je voudrais me joindre à ceux qui se sont félicités des excellents progrès qui ont été accomplis en la matière et du formidable travail de la Présidence suédoise , qui nous permet à présent d' accorder la décharge .
get it settled once and for all
that information moves according to the laws of electricity
only in this way can the european parliament live up to the image it seeks to have
madam president i would like to address this point not because i have followed previous events over the last few days particularly carefully
therefore every country that is seeking membership of the euro area or is already an established member should learn from slovakia 's example
this is the first time that i can remember where if you get a letter from the bank manager about a loan you do n't know if you 're borrowing money from him or if he 's borrowing money from you
as regards the competitiveness of the european union the services directive and the liberalisation of the free movement of labour are indispensable
L' idée qu' un accident de ce type se produise dans un avenir proche devrait totalement accaparer son attention et celle de ses fonctionnaires .
does it hurt
Laissez - moi vous présenter les jumeaux Beery , dont la paralysie cérébrale a été diagnostiquée quand ils avaient 2 ans .
Si vous voulez une preuve réelle d' expérience de hors-corps , allez à une conférence locale , d' universitaires , puis allez avec eux en discothèque la dernière nuit .
Le fait que la majorité des auteurs des attaques aient été identifiés comme des Saoudiens a souligné les réalités rétrogrades du pays et a entraîné des pressions internationales grandissantes pour un changement .
she was very rude to him
it was stated clearly that permanent closure of facilities was eligible for funding
the road is uphill all the way
C' est cependant dans cet environnement que la Pologne catholique « rejoint l' Europe » .
i tried harsh words and threats and they took me nowhere
on other issues such as engaging “ strategic partners ” – china and russia in particular – the united kingdom is often a follower as well
Bush se refuse encore à agir en faveur des économies d’ énergie et dépense finalement très peu d’ argent pour soutenir sa continuelle prière de salut technologique .
Cela a été confirmé .
and then it would have a corresponding website that would show the itinerary of this
D' autres pays qui violent les droits de l' homme sont également membres du Conseil , et notamment la Chine , Cuba , l' Arabie Saoudite , le Pakistan et l' Ouganda , où les homosexuels sont persécutés .
Nous ne représentons pas nos électeurs dans la fonction très importante d' établissement de l' agenda .
scientists change the answer to how fast does the average child learn how to read in that classroom
in this regard and in relation to this report i would like to say that during the italian presidency very considerable progress was made on this regulation and also the creation of general guidelines on it was provided for
that you should learn to accept and stop asking questions
that is what failed to protect investments and what threatens employment
Est -ce qu' il vous arrive de grignoter entre les repas ?
i would also like to highlight the participation of the president - in - office of the council in the overall debate to thank him for taking part and who demonstrates a willingness for dialogue
Pourriez - vous parler français ou anglais afin qu’ ils puissent vous comprendre ?
Bien qu’ il s’ agisse de la quadrature du cercle , j’ ai l’ espoir et donc , à l’ instar de M. Bowis , j’ ai tout .
they leveled that playing field and decided the anatomy that mattered was the commonality of anatomy not the difference in anatomy and that was a really radical thing to do
most american politicians like to think and talk only about the us
we should not outlaw anonymity which has its uses but we can ask for details about the people whose words we are reading
L’ enjeu , c’ est au moins plusieurs milliards d’ euros .
Et le choix est l' antidote à la coercition et à la condescendance .
my proposal is to focus on cooperation between the union and russia which will create shortcuts
the basque government headed by mr ibarretxe wishes to discriminate against to marginalise and to expel these basque teachers from the administration
MADRID – Il n’ est pas encore certain que le printemps arabe aboutisse à l’ avènement de démocraties crédibles dans le monde arabe .
Nous pensons tous qu' il faut mettre plus de propositions sur la table dans ce domaine ; l' Union pour l' innovation est un investissement important pour l' avenir .
L' économie a enregistré une croissance négative .
whatever its heritage no state can attempt to resolve its transport problems without reference to this splendid and vitally important european variable
Je tiens également à insister sur le fait que le nom du programme n' est qu' un aspect de la question , car la relation entre les " Citoyens pour l' Europe " et " L' Europe pour les citoyens " est très importante .
although god knows of late in our hubris we seem to have drifted away
C' est le même problème qui se pose aux Galapagos , sauf , qu' évidemment , c' est pire ici , d' une certaine manière , que dans d' autres endroits .
La filière bois totalise plus de deux millions d' emplois , principalement dans des PME , et un chiffre d' affaires de 300 000 000 000 euros .
Elle a guéri sa gueule de bois en dormant .
La question n' est pas de savoir si les pays des Balkans occidentaux deviendront un jour membres de l' Union européenne , mais quand .
Dans la plupart des cas , ils sont tributaires des enchères .
because as bmi demonstrated competition here can achieve some form of balance the same thing can happen now
this is why there is an urgent need for a directive against concentrations in the field of information that will regulate the dealings of those who are involved in politics and at the same time control very important media
member of the commission - madam president i know very well that this is an issue that is very important in some member countries because of the victims they have had because of the difficulties there
Par conséquent , Mesdames et Messieurs , Monsieur le Président , Monsieur Nicholson , nous avons estimé que d' autres évaluations d' impact n' étaient pas nécessaires car nous disposions d' informations plus que suffisantes pour élaborer cette proposition .
Cette pulpe sert d' aliment aux vaches laitières et c' est ainsi que la dioxine s' est retrouvée dans le lait de consommation .
Il se diffuse lui - même dans ces trous ou puits divers , et change de couleur . Le tout en utilisant du papier et du scotch pour tapis .
i for my part will not do so
she is coming home at the end of this month
Le Conseil peut difficilement envisager la suppression de ces emplois actuels et à venir auprès des compagnies aériennes .
Je voudrais souligner que , dans le cas précis qui nous occupe , c’ est bien la version anglaise qui est la plus correcte .
Le problème consiste maintenant à voir si le nouveau gouvernement palestinien sera capable de continuer sur cette voie malgré la victoire du Hamas aux dernières élections législatives .
a responsible global climate policy thus entails a fundamental change of international relations and making the necessary institutional innovations in global governance requires courage
Considérant M : on suggère ici un traitement différent des salariés du secteur public et du secteur privé , en cas de réduction du temps de travail . Les uns devraient bénéficier d' une compensation salariale , les autres non .
Il y a avait deux groupes de personnes intéressées par ce projet : Les astrophysiciens qui voulaient regarder vers le haut , et les autres qui voulaient regarder vers le bas .
Vous auriez dû partir une demi-heure plus tôt .
a new feature is that member states are being asked to exercise more discipline
Serait - il possible d' avoir des orientations nettes et précises sur le champ d' application du règlement , sur son applicabilité et sur l' étiquetage ?
Et la chose que l' on souhaite analyser en priorité , nous en sommes assez loin .
bernanke also noted the possibility of temporarily raising the fed ’s medium - term inflation target a policy that i suggested in this column in december 2008
Nous devons examiner précisément comment se comportent ces entreprises .
La vaccination préventive contre la grippe n' offre une protection que contre les formes connues et attendues de la grippe , et non pas contre des formes atypiques ou nouvelles .
J' espère , Monsieur Monti , que vous ferez part de ces desiderata à votre collègue , le Commissaire Flynn .
Dans des temps durs comme ceux - ci , aucun effort ordinaire ne peut sortir notre compagnie du rouge .
i hope mr president - in - office that you can provide us with them
Lisbonne est la solution pour une meilleur compétitivité , un emploi de meilleure qualité et une meilleure économie .
Et donc il y a encore beaucoup de personnes qui ne sont pas convaincues qu' on doit stopper la corruption .
the commission 's proposal has not taken adequate account of this principle
Je dois dire qu' ici , nous avons trouvé une grande ouverture de la part des autorités argentines .
violence in thailand ’s predominantly muslim south seemed to dent his ambitions last year but his thai rak thai trt party ’s landslide victory last february gave his bid for regional leadership a new lease on life
moreover this text does not require reciprocity on the part of the united states but merely dares to point out submissively that it would be normal
even the best of directives will be futile without the possibility of monitoring and equally applied sanctions
Nous sacrifions beaucoup .
the only things that come in are food medicines and a few humanitarian goods - but people can not live on just flour lentils and medicines
Au bénéfice des rapports de concurrence mais surtout au bénéfice de ceux qui travaillent dans cette entreprise .
Préféreriez - vous un thé ou un café ?
an area which seems to be problematic is that of staff recruitment
Une autre occasion se présentera de discuter de la politique de la pêche .
Et il ne fait aucun doute dans mon esprit qu' il faut faire cela sans remettre en cause ce principe fondamental lui - même .
Par ailleurs , les échecs de développement sont pléthoriques au Moyen - Orient , riche de pétrole .
the problem with european airspace is congestion
it is obvious that these receive weapons from the sudanese army itself
Madame la Présidente , je vous remercie pour vos contributions et vous adresse par ailleurs mes remerciements au nom du commissaire .
Je voudrais aussi que le préambule de la Constitution européenne renferme une disposition relative aux racines chrétiennes de l’ Union européenne .
here india can look at what is happening in the west and elsewhere and look at what needs to be done
we are also still in the dark as to scientific criteria which could decide for example whether a genetically modified product corresponds exactly to the original
in 28 % of cases my inquiries resulted either in the institution concerned settling the case to the satisfaction of the complainant or in a friendly solution
Au niveau central , par la réaffirmation du rôle de coordination du Conseil " affaires générales " afin d' accroître la cohérence de l' action extérieure dans tous ses aspects .
now this is a process that is called cold reading
J' estime que les arguments liés à la santé publique sont faibles .
Bon nombre d' organisations sont déjà actives sur le terrain , mais le moment est venu que les institutions , et les membres de ce Parlement eux - mêmes , contribuent aussi réellement à cette cause .
Voici pourquoi :
L' objectif visant à faire passer la part des énergies renouvelables à 20 % d' ici 2020 , soit à la tripler , semble bien trop ambitieux .
it is worth making the point that wherever this type of industry is located there are men and women working
farmers in poland and elsewhere are asking the european union for aid which currently is symbolic rather than real
C' est une véritable tromperie sur la marchandise .
the compromise cancels the substitution principle and in practice favours a single interest namely that part of the european chemicals industry that is out of date and does not plan for the long term
mr president commissioner ladies and gentlemen as has been stated before sustainable energy has many advantages
one more step and you 'll be a dead man
would you lend me some money
Néanmoins , nous n' ayons pas voté pour ce rapport .
Dans ce cas - ci , il semble qu' il y ait quelques divergences d' opinion , mais je pense que ce rapport peut être approuvé par la majorité de ce Parlement .
En fait , l' un d' entre eux , qui était en quelque sorte , membre d' une secte pas très loin d' ici , à Orange Grove , s' est malheureusement fait sauter parce qu' il continuait à mélanger des produits chimiques pour essayer de trouver lesquels étaient les meilleurs produits .
that man of course was abraham
La coopération avec le Tribunal de La Haye est insuffisante et trop peu de réfugiés ont regagné la .
mr president members of this house we should congratulate mrs berès on her perspicacity
we should therefore all be looking for ways to reduce such negative impact as relocation has
she largely lived up to the promise
Sa fonction est extrêmement importante .
Ce sont les entreprises qui créent des emplois .
there are still no limits
my sister has two sons so i have two nephews
i just want to ask three questions
they require different political and economic priorities
what that means is i can mix some chemicals together in a test tube in my lab and these chemicals will start to self - associate to form larger and larger structures
to increase meps secretarial allowance by eur 1 500 per month in order to deal with the increased workloads resulting from the treaty of lisbon is not tenable
Ils peuvent économiser l' argent qu' ils allaient dépenser pour acheter du charbon , et peuvent en produire plus pour le revendre sur le marché à d' autres qui ne produisent pas le leur .
really more like 500 years to do it right
Je trouve que l' UE pourrait s' inspirer des décisions prises à l' époque tsariste pour adopter des décisions audacieuses en matière d' égalité de rémunération et d' égalité sur le lieu de travail .
De nos jours dans les affaires , trop des cadres dépensent de l' argent qu' ils n' ont pas gagné , pour acheter des choses dont ils n' ont pas besoin , pour impressionner des gens qu' ils n' aiment même pas .
those in the eugenics movement remained hold - outs convinced that the salvation of the human race would be found in limiting the birth - rate of those they deemed to be genetically unfit
Trouver un aliment aussi bon et nourrissant relèverait presque du miracle .
but we 're also perfectly comfortable buying an mp3 player from apple or a phone from apple or a dvr from apple
L' Inde joue un nouveau rôle par rapport aux pays en développement , avec son propre slogan " tout sauf les armes " .
slovakia has over the past year made considerable progress in the negotiations about eu membership and this certainly deserves credit also in view of the internal problems which the government coalition has faced in that country
i know what these kids deserve on the healthcare side
Et elle a dit : " Il veut savoir qui vous êtes . "
i shall also say mr president that we have made considerable progress in the field of police cooperation by which i mean europol
Ce n' est pas une chose à prendre à la légère , M. Verheugen , vous devez avancer des arguments .
Peu de voix s' élèvent cependant dans les rangs de ceux qui déclaraient avant la guerre que nous serions engagés sur le front de la paix après la guerre afin de bâtir celle - ci .
Et la partie émotionnelle .
Oui , nous voulons la démocratie et les droits de l’ homme dans tous les pays du monde .
Parce que je penses que les histoires sont vitales ici .
Objet : Renforcement de la famille
so that in all that diversity if i wanted to figure out how to build something out of a bit of this and a bit of this everything i looked into i had to connect to some new machine i had to learn to run some new program i would find the information i wanted in some new data format
Et cette pyramide de l' ocean est liée à notre propre pyramide de vie .
Tous deux pensent que les quelques mesures d' intervention qui subsistent devraient , à terme , totalement disparaître afin d' ouvrir l' agriculture au " marché libre " .
the credibility of the eu in this area should not be taken for granted and our policies are not immune to being measured on the basis of double standards
these features are also reflected in the aims and objectives of the report which are clarity openness and simplicity and those are objectives which this parliament should welcome and which we should be supporting
my cousin is hooked on smack
this regulation establishes a common framework for a systematic production of community statistics in public health and health and safety at work
Cette directive est un bon point de départ , mais j' espère qu' à l' avenir , nous pourrons transférer plus de responsabilités des distributeurs aux producteurs .
there were people - to - people links
the green movement significantly inspired the world
Ma petite amie est en train de pleurer .
C' est pourquoi notre tâche commune consiste à maintenir en vie l' expérience collective européenne , dont nous pourrons puiser des forces pour relever les défis actuels .
Si ta réponse est bonne , c' est que la mienne est fausse .
Il y a seulement un problème : il ne bénéficierait pas aux personnes les plus riches , ou aux entreprises et autres intérêts particuliers qui sont arrivés à dominer la politique américaine .
when the dpj came to power in september 2009 it ended half - a - century of de facto one - party rule by the liberal democratic party ldp
what symptoms do you have
the perception of military parity has altered
information in the veterinary and zootechnical fields
Ce monde se situe à une distance lointaine de trois cents millions d' années - lumière du monde où vous vivez .
and she serves it that way time and time again
secondly we must consider more carefully the importance and meaning of the term competitiveness
ils font référence aux mouvements tandis qu' ils exploitent les niches écologiques de la pente comme des fils .
many a mickle makes a muckle
Ces questions seront soulevées , comme le demande l' honorable parlementaire , au sous-comité des douanes du comité d' association .
Le petit garçon observa les oiseaux toute la journée .
he said i called a girl i wished to love they basically went out on a date and he says at the end that he did n't achieve her up till now
it is clear from the discussion that the programme is regarded as being sensibly arranged and equipped with the appropriate resources
Les manifestations d’ avril 2009 furent déclenchées par le parti Communiste qui , suite à une campagne électorale agressive et des abus généralisés , revendiquait la victoire de son troisième mandat .
mr president i hope you and all the interpreters and officials who have had the patience to stay in the chamber with me have a very good lunch
we could even pay for three eurofighters a year if they ever reach squadron service
Nous ne manquons pas une occasion d' insister auprès du gouvernement pour qu' il engage des pourparlers de paix et pour qu' il noue un véritable dialogue avec l' opposition , menée par Aung San Suu Kyi , et les minorités ethniques .
she was heard playing the violin
one simple question they asked is does anyone of the opposite race live in your neighborhood
the political crisis resulting from the impotence of the executive does not therefore date from last summer
in fact it is not for us to pass judgment upon governments
Elle l' ignore royalement .
Aux yeux de certains experts , la crise peut être résolue simplement en re-finançant les banques , et son impact sur l’ économie réelle sera relativement limité .
well there are lots of reasons
general suleiman is now the president after 18 months of instability
in many instances in the united kingdom ireland and one or two other countries qualified people dispense minor medicines - in particular products such as worming pills and flea powders
as a result we and the commission are of the opinion that the member states should now be allowed to experiment
and you look at lenny and he 's suffering
Mais pensez - vous vraiment qu' en refusant de s' engager pleinement aux côtés de ce gouvernement , l' Union européenne contribue à ramener la situation sous contrôle ?
as time went on the sky grew darker and darker
it 's very cost - effective and it 's very mesh - y
i speak on behalf of myself and my 28 colleagues from the british labour party
this road goes to the city
the commission proposal ignores the question of prevention because then it would need to address the social and economic reasons which cause or exacerbate the consequences and provide the necessary resources which are still inadequate
three years ago saddam hussein 's sons - in - law hussein and saddam kamil defected to jordan
that is the case in irian jaya and the moluccas as well as for the people from madura in kalimantan
Les chambres dans cet hôtel sont frustes .
Je pense que les Palestiniens ont compris dans quelle position les États - Unis se sont trouvés .
Malgré ces difficultés , le pays a réussi à tenir des élections parlementaires et présidentielles dans le plein respect des principes démocratiques et avec une très forte participation citoyenne .
the european union must also rise to the challenge of the modernisation of sport
Et nous pouvons le faire en coopération avec la Ligue arabe , dans le respect de la charte des Nations unies , sans qu' il n' y ait besoin d' une résolution des Nations unies impliquant la Russie .
he said so in so many words
let 's start by asking how are we going to feed ourselves
under current iraqi law the parliamentary committee charged with making these constitutional changes has four months to complete its task
Dans le cadre de la politique de cohésion et de la culture , deux réalités géographiques doivent , à mon sens , être davantage soulignées : ce sont les villes et les îles .
russia ’s federal government and regional authorities are clearly alarmed by this rapidly growing civic activism
it is good that the court ’s decisions can not be forecast and even better that the court can not be lobbied or petitioned
En outre , les droits de propriété se rapportant aux eaux et aux terrains diffèrent considérablement entre les différents pays .
. - Monsieur le Président , je tiens avant tout à remercier le rapporteur du très bon travail accompli sur cette proposition .
according to the european union 's official position the blockade of polish meat products in russia is a bilateral matter in which brussels will not intervene
Je ne vois pas où est le problème .
president saakashvili received his initial education in kiev
parliament does not wish for this new model of negotiation to set a legal precedent
i think you 're right
Aux dires de son Président , la Commission serait en mesure de le faire .
( ES ) Monsieur le Président , cet été , le groupe terroriste ETA a assassiné trois personnes en Espagne , trois personnes qui défendaient le droit et la liberté : un officier de la police nationale et deux officiers de la garde civile .
many people within the bush administration believed that even without approval by the un security council or nato american power would be legitimized by its successful use
Je voudrais conclure mon intervention en évoquant un dernier point et en présentant une proposition .
i therefore believe that it is a good blend of european democracy
D' après moi , cette option contribuerait à améliorer considérablement l' actuelle proposition .
Cette conférence a encouragé la signature d' un accord de cessez-le-feu entre le gouvernement indonésien et les rebelles d' Aceh , sur la base - et j' insiste là - dessus - de l' intégrité territoriale de l' Indonésie .
Je connais une fille Américaine qui parle très bien le japonais .
Ma sœur l' a vu de ses propres yeux .
Avant d' accorder tout financement , il convient d' établir les responsabilités et de déterminer les sommes réellement nécessaires .
J' ai regardé en direct l' allocution du président syrien Assad .
Nous devons faire tout ce que nous pouvons pour qu’ il en soit ainsi .
es madam president since there is life outside the european parliament i imagine that some of us have the opportunity now and again to go to the cinema at the weekend
this is a disturbing phenomenon because we know that if there is no freedom of speech and if journalists are not able to work there is no freedom at all and there is no democracy
further debate on these topics will be led by the presidency which will seek to build on the experience and expertise gained to date and will try to construct a common approach to social exclusion and poverty
i myself have often spoken of a transaction tax on currency trading which is a very lucrative business
in that sense there is no real fundamental difference
in writing - el the israeli authorities are perpetrating ever more criminal acts against the palestinians
Et quand l' ouragan arrive , la maison est en bien meilleur état qu' elle ne l' aurait été normalement .
the report contains a number of excellent and well - considered proposals
Première question . La deuxième est de savoir qui sera le point de contact au sein de la Commission après l’ adhésion .
Un élément clé ou un mot clé ici est la proportionnalité , car il doit être démontré de façon convaincante que le même objectif ne peut être atteint avec des moyens moins intrusifs .
and in the process they use up all the oxygen
the us asserts in front of the wto that all internet betting is forbidden there but that is not true
Madame le Président , je ne fais que transposer l' intention de ceux qui ont élaboré le texte original .
L' avion du président rwandais a été abattu mais , officiellement , on ne sait toujours pas par qui .
however robert mugabe will not come to the negotiating table unless forced to do so
Finalement nous n' avons strictement rien fait , alors que le traité de Maastricht nous permettait d' agir concrètement par le biais de l' article K.
Le soutien américain de l’ admission de la Russie dans l’ Organisation mondiale du commerce était inconditionnel .
we all know that there are still a great many weapons in macedonia and the issue of a criminal association is still on the agenda
Quatre , rationaliser le monde industriel en arrêtant de disperser la fabrication d' un seul avion sur des dizaines de lieux .
a week maybe
if this is so good if this is such a no - brainer how much of this do we have
there are social limits to growth and to how much we can enjoy even something as life expanding and enhancing as travel
L' agenda urbain européen est axé sur le développement d' infrastructures et de services dans les villes .
J' y vais parfois trop fort .
the eu must present the matter at the next round of wto talks as the issue should apply globally
Élection des questeurs
the united kingdom italy and spain are threatening to go along with the creation of destruction and streams of refugees
it was a very important one as far as we were concerned as i believe that such traditions including in the field of spirit drinks are virtually part of a country 's national identity
the result of the israeli parliamentary elections and the election for prime minister in may was a turning point that made it possible to restart work on settling the conflict
Il a le contrôle . Il est au pouvoir actuellement .
we have endeavoured to find common understanding with china on this delicate subject and we have been very clear whenever we have addressed the situation in tibet with them
and for the first several hours there was exactly one thought in my head
officially the treaty cuts their weapons by one - third in fact each party will decommission only several dozen
L' Assemblée vous remercie infiniment , Monsieur le Commissaire .
La célèbre communauté internationale , malgré son ingérence indiscrète et la création de lois antiterroristes et de forces d' intervention rapide , n' a rien fait pour l' interdiction des armes contenant de l' uranium appauvri .
in writing - the maltese islands are the southern frontier of the eu
there is still a period of grace for assessing the das but once the amsterdam treaty has been ratified parliament is obliged to incorporate its results fully into the discharge
you are not supposed to smoke here
in writing - fr i was keen to oppose the liberalisation of the postal services market based on three fundamental positions
Ils n’ ont pas été jusqu’ à dire que ses propos étaient inexacts , manquaient de clairvoyance , ni même que son analyse n’ était pas valable .
in my opinion european values such as respect for human rights democracy and fundamental freedoms are also conveyed by our cultural products
C' est dix fois plus efficaces que nos filets à brouillard .
Autrement dit , ils croyaient que leurs différences étaient plus importantes que leur humanité commune .
only then will it be possible through targeted industrial measures to play a part in gradually assisting economic development
good progress has been made with the enlargement process over the past five months
La Commission doit continuer d’ appliquer l’ agenda de Paris sur l’ efficience de l’ aide et montrer au public que l’ aide au développement de l’ UE apporte une différence .
there is the netherlands where homosexual marriage is permitted and poland where such a thing would be inconceivable
at the same time we welcome the fact that the report acknowledges that the development objectives and outcomes of the agreements are a much wider issue than just financial support
at the other end conservatism in many european countries has historically veered too close for comfort to right - wing extremism in germany today conservatism was forged in the wake of the weimar republic 's failures experiences unknown to anglo - saxon conservatives
Mon allocution d' aujourd' hui parle des messages si vous voulez rester dans le monde du travail . Et je pense qu' il y en a trois .
we have to offer farmers the legitimate expectation of adequate payments and determine the amounts paid in individual cases by reference to historic levels of support
making things actually does give me a lot of joy
europe ’s finance ministers have played a clever game with the ecb
Dans un premier temps , des séparatistes sans visage s’ en prennent à des civils et aux forces de police .
Certes , il fut appelé et élu par un Parlement en détresse , mais la pression exercée par l’ armée française et la rébellion en Algérie ne laissaient guère de choix .
Troisièmement , la question de la simplification de la taille des pièces : le système proposé par la Commission se fonde sur un consensus entre les utilisateurs , qui donne à la pièce de 20 cents la forme de la fleur espagnole//.
the commission must therefore be much more ambitious as regards the limit values it has proposed and indeed the sea areas to be covered by such limit values
while the crisis in haiti is a major setback in achieving increased food production it should not be a stop sign on the path to long - term development
mr president ms oddy the council attaches great importance to the human rights activities of non - governmental organisations
Nous attendons de nos voisins de l' autre côté de l' océan qu' eux aussi montrent l' exemple .
on the issue of derogations the commission can not modify the contents of the plan adopted by iccat
M. Tannock a parlé d' un commissaire des droits de l' homme .
those with high ability know how the guests ’ experience can be improved with careful preparations of tools reflective conversations and natural yet well - controlled body motions
Mes chers collègues , Monsieur le Commissaire , on entend souvent dire que l' Europe a réussi à assurer la stabilité financière , ce qui est vrai si l' on s' en tient au secteur public .
C' était après le 11 septembre ; la ville vivait des moments difficiles .
a risky thing to do because they were street kids
Il l' a noté pour ne pas l' oublier .
i tried again and again
Dans un État régi par la primauté du droit , ce qui est de toute évidence le cas , nul ne saurait se soustraire à la loi .
Je répète une nouvelle fois la conviction que nous partageons concernant la nécessité de réussir la réforme sucrière .
La Présidence belge a souligné sa ferme intention de faire progresser la lutte contre les discriminations et de promouvoir l' égalité .
Mesdames et Messieurs , nous devons nous concentrer sur six problèmes .
i was in mitrovica a couple of months ago i saw the situation there for myself
this is of fundamental importance because we need to regain the support of those people whom we have lost along the way
we must recognise a sector that is predominantly engaged in cross - border activity and therefore deserves a european policy with a stimulating innovative and proactive approach to sustainable business development
Ils meurent d' envie de tout balancer et recommencer à zéro mais ils ne peuvent pas . Ils sont coincés , car il y a tellement d' ajouts et de choses maison qui les condamnent à rester sur le vieux châssis de 1982 .
you should let the wine breathe for a few minutes before drinking it
Le Parlement a fait son devoir .
En gros , l' Est a été absorbé par l' Ouest .
Certaines faiblesses humaines universelles peuvent déboucher sur un comportement irrationnel pendant une forte croissance économique .
On veut seulement en apprendre le plus possible , dès que possible .
Après avoir été maire de Jérusalem pendant 10 ans , vous connaissez de près la situation des Palestiniens .
mr president i would simply like to point out that my report is the last report from the committee on fisheries to this house during the present mandate
Voici un dauphin dont la nageoire a été ré-attachée .
so the funds originally provided are no longer available
therefore i would like once again to express my sincere thanks to mr deprez for his strenuous efforts at stopping us from crossing certain barriers
i am absolutely convinced that we are in a better position today to achieve these objectives than we were some time ago
C' est sans doute aujourd'hui , au sein du troisième pilier , que les progrès paraissent les plus significatifs .
Sauf que je savais que je pouvais sortir par le sas de sécurité à n' importe quel moment , si les choses tournaient vraiment mal .
this matter will be resolved within ireland we do not need any interference from outside from members of this house whether they are for it or against it
the adoption of rules on price transparency is a great success
the core of this proposal consists in making the whole codecision procedure in all its stages open to the public
that is what this european union is supposed to be about - unity in diversity
. - Monsieur le Président , la situation au Belarus ne cesse d’ empirer , de sorte que nous devons suivre de près l’ évolution de la situation dans ce pays .
but this popular exercise is beside the point
however in this case we agree with the reference to national employment law
today as a universal institution the un plays a crucial role in legitimization crisis diplomacy peacekeeping and humanitarian missions but its very size has proven to be a disadvantage for many other functions
Mettez - le sur mon compte .
can the commissioner state how he thinks that will help stop the laundering of wood in china and that region
still 1989 was a good time to be alive except in china where the democrats were put down
cooperation between the two banks has grown up on a regional basis and therefore the way in which it takes place differs according to the area in question
that is why we and the court insisted on the site respecting the 1976 directive
it is shocking what people are going through there
if we include the new ones the total would rise to 20
Je vais à présent me tourner vers le dernier dossier législatif : la recommandation pour la deuxième lecture de M. Olsson relative aux hormones .
the proposal adopted by the commission last october is the outcome of extensive consultation a process that started before the financial crisis
why do n't men hibernate
termination of service of commission officials
. - Ce rapport démontre l’ emprise croissante de la sphère financière sur l’ économie réelle .
arnold teaches us to see the object as it really is
Pourquoi ? Parce que nous préférerions prélever ces cellules qui savent déjà qu' elles sont du type de cellule dont vous avez besoin .
the reform process and reflections on it do not come to an end when a country joins the euro area rather that is when the real challenge begins
at the same time the eu information machine must regionalize it must bring our citizens closer with the aid of regional information outlets and local media
at the beginning of your presidency i personally expressed the view that i was prepared to continue with the negotiations in order to get important plans moving again and you have made no effort to do this
mr president mr president of the council mrs neyts - uyttebroeck mr barnier ladies and gentlemen first a word on the defence aspect
his theory deserves consideration
on the other hand it has been very obvious that the eu budget has made a major contribution to the development of every member state including net contributors
Et les panneaux au dessus des berceaux des petites filles disaient , " C' est une fille . " Ouais Donc la passivité était culturellement projetée sur les petites filles .
the annual meetings of the cooperation committee and cooperation council and of the parliamentary cooperation committee are thus particularly important
or should it be specified instead that a doctor need only be consulted if symptoms persist after several days of treatment
and of course we had beautiful spaceshipone which made those two flights and won the competition
Le rapporteur a déployé des efforts courageux et nous avons tenté de l’ aider à garantir la sécurité juridique des employeurs en matière de rayonnement solaire .
the issue of how best the union is going to deal with future public and private pension programmes is a serious matter which must be addressed by all eu member states as a matter of priority
J' espère que la Commission européenne envisagera la possibilité d' imposer des sanctions face aux crimes commis par les dirigeants iraniens contre leur propre pays .
debate was heated
Car , je tiens à le souligner , n' oublions pas que les chercheurs sont non seulement des représentants légitimes de cette opinion publique , mais surtout des personnes dont le rôle est tout à fait fondamental au sein de notre société .
Mais du fait de la faiblesse des autres devises européennes et du désir de l' Allemagne de ne pas fermer ses marchés , ses dirigeants ne pouvaient pas faire grand chose .
relations with this large country should be stepped up not restricted
intervention buying or granting export refunds are other instruments that are available to support the dairy sector or the dairy market efficiently
Je parle aujourd'hui au nom de mes collègues conservateurs britanniques , Lord Inglewood et M. Harbour , qui ne peuvent malheureusement pas être présents au Parlement .
a healthy free market economy is one of the key characteristics of a democracy and it is here that the greatest challenge facing our eastern neighbours lies
so this is a corrugated box and its shadow
Nous devons garantir que le marché unique s' applique autant que possible aux industries de la défense et que l' article 296 ne s' applique qu' aux secteurs spécifiés dans le Traité .
first of all it is the member states that collect the contributions for the european union
but that 's not the only purpose that human beings are sold for
we all have a common interest in securing a democratic debate prior to the next treaty
Néanmoins , il a accepté l' argument central du Parlement en stipulant que des fonds appropriés devaient être alloués aux régions côtières dépendantes de la pêche .
all persons shall have full and free liberty of religious opinion nor shall any be compelled to frequent or maintain any religious institution
what i can say is that i would make the following observations in reply to his question
you send one message and it goes out to everybody and you receive the messages you 're interested in
C' est tout à fait inacceptable .
these janissaries christian boys conscripted to serve in ottoman infantry units were either recruited from europe or abducted from countries under ottoman control
mr president in order to avoid confusion i should just like to clarify our request for a split vote and an oral amendment to amendment 3
yesterday was my birthday
as a result even if the will to change suddenly and miraculously emerged in today ’s kremlin the illegitimacy of the entire federal government would render effective policymaking impossible
this is not a happy thing look if this happens to you i can give you this stuff is still not as good at the original equipment
Cela ne va pas et nous devons remédier à cette situation .
Il s' agit là de l' un des aspects dramatiques et barbares du dramatique et barbare rituel de la peine de mort .
Et j' ai fini par conclure , après avoir étudié toutes les autres technologies envisageables pour stocker de l' énergie - les volants d' inerties , ou d' autres types de batteries - que c' était vraiment pas pratique de stocker l' énergie .
mr president - in - office you have today confirmed your skills as a performer and a charmer qualities that you might teach to some of our friends my fellow countrymen on one of your many visits to italy
let me take germany as an example german dairy farmers were compensated by eur 1 billion every year - money transferred from their milk payment into their single payment scheme
Arrêtez - vous ici !
those guidelines lie at the origin of the deep economic and social crisis that we are now experiencing the tragic consequences of which - unemployment inequality poverty and exclusion - have mercilessly afflicted the workers and peoples of europe
and they were all gathered around going what 's he trying to say
En d' autres termes , les aspirations des citoyens que nous représentons formeront la base et le cadre de toutes les décisions de la prochaine conférence .
this bill has not yet been adopted
M' accusez - vous d' être un menteur ?
Les négociateurs de l' Union doivent donc s' attacher prioritairement à parvenir à une conclusion équilibrée du programme de Doha pour le développement ( PDD ) de l' Organisation mondiale du commerce .
L' indemnité de déménagement devrait être versée sur la base des coûts encourus , et non sous la forme d' un double mois de salaire supplémentaire de quelques 360 000 couronnes .
the issues involved are important ones and it is important that we resolve them so that we can deal with the major issue which is the shape and content of the fifth framework programme
mr president i am delighted to see the rather large turnout of members today which indicates the importance attached to this subject
Des millions de travailleurs perdirent leurs emplois .
Je m' engage , à tous les stades des négociations dès qu' elles auront débuté , à vous tenir pleinement et immédiatement informés , à avoir une discussion ouverte et à écouter vos points de vue .
Toutefois , sur la liste des États membres concernés figurait le Royaume - Uni , à savoir l' Angleterre et le Pays de Gales .
he was flattered
Juste la formulation des badges ou le nombre de points que vous gagnez , nous le voyons à l' échelle du système étendu , comme des dizaines de milliers d' élèves de CM2 ou de sixième se dirigeant dans un sens ou un autre , en fonction du badge que vous leur donnez .
not even catch phrases such as substitution plan or appropriate controls can hide this fact
Des élèves trouvent difficile de suivre les règles .
Mettez - le où bon vous semble .
although it is no exception in this respect estonia must also make more effort to strengthen its administrative capacity
the results of the amsterdam agreement in the area of the union 's foreign policy activities are limited and not up to what we had hoped for
On ne reconnaît que les intérêts des consommateurs et l' on oublie les intérêts des entreprises , des artisans , des professions , les intérêts collectifs qui font l' objet des directives figurant en annexe .
there is clearly a contradiction between the stated aims of social cohesion policy and the foreseeable outcome of measures taken to attain these aims
Ce processus s' est poursuivi et il a conduit à un sentiment généralisé d' insécurité , une insécurité qui ne se limite pas à la société civile , mais qui s' étend aux institutions politiques ainsi qu' à de nombreux États et sociétés .
these are my cds
we must direct our endeavours towards making clear to both israel and hamas that we oppose any form of violent hostilities and demand absolute respect for peacekeeping forces and aid agencies
the measure in question will remove those regulations which have now become obsolete and which in fact date back to the year 1960
Je voudrais néanmoins faire une proposition quant à la manière dont nous pourrions peut - être accélérer un peu les choses et progresser .
we 'd better leave her alone
Ses yeux débordaient de larmes .
subsequently and before the airspace had to be closed again a more suitable technique to handle the problem should have been found
Nous sommes arrivés à la conclusion que la politique d' aide au développement et plus précisément les accords de Lomé sont indispensables à l' organisation et à la régulation de l' économie mondiale .
coordinated action at european and global level is required if the various problems affecting this sector are to be resolved
Mais ce qui est encore plus intéressant dans cette étude c' est que parmi ceux qui ont développé un cancer de la prostate , ceux qui ont mangé le plus de portions de sauce tomate avaient en fait moins de vaisseaux sanguins irriguant leur cancer .
En l' espèce , le droit du travail est bafoué légalement .
( La séance , suspendue à 11 h 55 , est reprise à 12 heures )
they do n't need the sun at all
i would just add that it is our intention that the accession candidates themselves should be involved in this debate in which many of them have a larger stake than us
J' aborde à présent les décisions - cadres sur les mesures pour combattre le terrorisme et le mandat d' arrêt européen . Mon groupe les soutiendra .
Les agriculteurs des nouveaux États membres recevront beaucoup moins d' argent que leurs collègues des États membres actuels .
Cela n' a pas de prix .
Tom est sorti pour prendre un bol d' air .
Je suis habitué à être ignoré de mes parents .
she is not the woman she was before she married
Nous en parlons en Allemagne depuis longtemps .
L' une et l' autre de ces deux routes mènent à la gare .
forty years ago bhutan ’s fourth king young and newly installed made a remarkable choice bhutan should pursue “ gross national happiness ” rather than gross national product
just last week it was one of the issues that brought about a vote of no - confidence and the resignation of the first secretary of the national assembly of wales
D' une part , nous avons besoin d' une bonne application du droit par les États membres et nous avons besoin d' outils de soutien qui fonctionnent bien , comme SOLVIT , mais nous avons également besoin d' approfondir ( ... ) .
Comme vous le savez , les règlements d' exemption par catégorie sont des instruments très importants pour le monde des affaires .
this last point has not been widely covered by the media
Il a été prouvé à maintes reprises que l' intimidation militaire des civils ne brise pas leur moral et se retourne contre leurs propres dirigeants , aussi terrible que soit le régime .
Cependant - et j' insiste particulièrement sur ce point - il demeure indéniable qu' il s' agit là d' un important précédent juridique et politique .
which ice cream shop are you going to
but with the end of the cold war and the demise of the soviet union asia receded from american interest
Chose alarmante , il y a de nombreux députés de ce Parlement qui ont des points de vue hostiles sur les homosexuels .
it is also undermining the opportunity to lay the basis for true democratic reform throughout the continent
Je tiens à préciser ici et maintenant , avant le vote lors de la prochaine période de session , combien je salue l’ effort consenti par tous les groupes politiques pour s’ accorder sur les amendements de compromis .
L' affaire est passée devant les tribunaux et tel est le verdict .
he is often late for school
we believe that the european union ’s policy in the area of development needs to be reviewed
the group can agree with the method of financing such as it has been regulated provisionally for kosovo
Elle ne consiste pas à attendre de voir comment évolue le marché .
i believe that certain aspects of the cap have long been in need of review
i would like to express my thanks to the rapporteur mrs read for her expert contribution for the cooperation and the fact that we can be here together again today
this makes the issue of effectively managing the external borders through control and protection and by combating illegal emigration and human trafficking a very relevant one to us
Si la criminalité change et si les prévisions réglementaires restent inchangées , on ne peut être efficace et on facilite la criminalité .
i realize that this may sound crazy but i think i 've fallen in love with your younger sister
again and again local and international economists have issued dire warnings about what would happen if it persisted in its heterodoxy
Troisième axe : évidemment le commerce .
this brings us to a crucial obstacle government business financial and academic elites are not trusted
Monsieur le Président , c' est avec grand intérêt que nous avons reçu le rapport de la commission de l' emploi et des affaires sociales du Parlement concernant le deuxième rapport annuel sur les initiatives en faveur de la croissance et de l' emploi .
the organisation that has been discussed here is the biggest recipient in this field but we are still talking about quite a small amount of money
Je crois que nous devons rappeler à nos jeunes , même aux plus acharnés , à ceux qui investissement le plus , d' un point de vue sentimental , dans ces événements , que c' est un jeu .
the 10 % target for road transport fuels is a vital part of this package and of the efforts to achieve the eu 's goal of a low carbon economy
i understand the commission is prepared to accept that amendment or a form of wording similar to it
if they bothered to turn up at the committees to which they are entitled to turn up they would know that we are not voting on this today but we are going to vote on this in january
Je crois que vous avez , dans l' exposé des motifs de la question de M. Wibe , fait allusion à certains pays .
Si vous voulez collecter jusqu' à la dernière boîte de conserve dans le Nord de la Finlande , cela coûtera évidemment une somme d' argent démesurée .
Ainsi , lorsque les symptômes des gens disparaissent , ils ont tendance à réapparaître , car ils ne ressentent pas l' autre moitié - le plaisir , le bonheur , la compassion , la gratitude , ce que sont les émotions positives .
while these expect little from an often indifferent france they still as the discussions in riga suggest would be disposed to putting their trust in germany -- if only german governments once again show they care
- Madame la Présidente , je voudrais dire à la commissaire que je l’ ai applaudie quand elle a présenté pour la première fois ses propositions à la commission de l’ agriculture et du développement rural .
Un financement basé sur des ressources propres doit être adopté , celles - ci devant être déterminées , ce qui donnerait à l’ UE une pleine autonomie budgétaire .
we have now finished voting
Il va sans dire que cela devient ennuyeux , en particulier pour ceux des participants à ce débat qui ne viennent pas de ce pays .
the unilateral agreements reached at rambouillet have been overtaken by events
Ce qu’ il est nécessaire de protéger aux Açores ou à la Martinique est beaucoup moins pertinent dans le cas de la Corse , qui est moins éloignée .
Ou à quel point elle peut être désagréable dans les pires .
so i believe we have cooperated well even with the representatives of the european united left
Régulièrement , des grèves politiques massives mettent la vie économique complètement à l' arrêt .
an initial meeting of experts on legal systems for data protection has already taken place last may in brussels during the swedish presidency
i secured an amendment to it warning against the accumulation and globalization of information networks the marginalization of the less educated and abuse of power
in writing - pt yemen is threatening to become the new afghanistan al - qaeda 's favourite training camp and a hotbed for the spread of fundamentalists and terrorists throughout the islamic world
the eu must become an influential global actor and be able to defend its position
Les informations sont essentielles au contrôle , à la surveillance et à l' efficacité lorsque des maladies apparaissent et je suis ravie de constater que nous chercherons de meilleurs systèmes d' information avec les États membres et entre les États membres .
the four cohesion countries are the four net recipients from the eu 's budget which is only right and proper
Dans les grandes lignes , cette résolution est positive . En effet , elle met en lumière la nécessité d' agir préventivement , mais également de disposer d' une capacité de réaction en cas de catastrophe naturelle due à un déversement de pétrole .
why is that
the appeal of us leadership abroad rests in part on the attractiveness of america 's political institutions society and culture and its willingness to champion human rights and democracy
J’ espère sincèrement que la commission consultera assidûment et exhaustivement toutes les personnes impliquées dans la représentation et la protection des droits des citoyens , notamment la commission des pétitions de ce Parlement et le médiateur européen .
Ce qui se passe maintenant avec ce fonds de pension volontaire a été condamné par les eurosceptiques .
these people are not “ refugees ” because they have not crossed an international border but their experiences are often equally devastating
i would therefore urge that we look further ahead and to show more ambition because environment and competitiveness are not inconsistent with one another on the contrary they reinforce one another
Pour la première fois , ce règlement définit en termes clairs l’ aide que peuvent légalement attendre les personnes handicapées ou à mobilité réduite de la part des aéroports et des lignes aériennes , et dans quelles conditions .
De même , seriez - vous prête à le suggérer dans la proposition sur les prochaines perspectives financières pour fin 2003 ?
nearly everybody clapped – for the speech at least
this is an important subject and the commission agreed to study options during the last revision of the packaging directive
Au Kenya , en Ouganda et en Tanzanie , les élèves des écoles publiques n’ atteignent pas non plus les compétences de base attendues d’ enfants de leur âge ou de leur niveau scolaire .
this is why the exchange of best practices in all medical assistance fields within the european union will contribute to increasing citizen welfare and health
do you recycle
( Le Parlement rejette l' amendement oral )
export subsidies in europe for products that seriously affect the developing countries must be abolished
no longer any gap
it is time for improvements here
Nous avons toujours suivi la situation de l' emploi dans les États membres de manière critique et constructive .
the european commission by means of olaf europol and eurojust should be part of this network
Et c' est la preuve que les gens ont commencé à échanger entre les groupes .
the treaties provide for the european union to help developing countries to develop but as the previous speakers have explained so well there are various distortions to these declarations
he is our boss and must be treated as such
so look what they did
we need to respect the ratification system of each member state
Dans ce scénario , la coopération russo - américaine en vue de régler les situations de crise comme celle de l’ Afghanistan ou d’ enrayer la prolifération des armes de destruction massive deviendra encore plus profonde .
what i believe is missing which represents a genuine shortcoming of the internal market is a proposal for the cross - border transfer of the place of business of public limited companies
therefore this is a very mixed debate on how we are going to make sure we can make the european union run effectively
Et ils ne voulaient pas me le dire .
this constructive collaboration can also be seen in the text that we are debating today
Il serait bon de clarifier ce point , car ce n' est que sur cette base que le Fonds européen pour les réfugiés pourra être utilisé utilement et efficacement .
one of the few points i wish to comment on is the plan to allow below cost selling
for 45 years myanmar ’s people have been subjected to the junta ’s reign of terror
Voilà , Madame la Présidente , Mesdames et Messieurs les députés européens , Madame la Commissaire , ce que je souhaitais vous indiquer à l' issue de nos débats .
mr president at the moment i am giving a great many lectures on the euro and i see that it is above all the small companies which are afraid that the circulation of coins is going to increase dramatically
Nous les invitons à le faire , même maintenant , pour que ce type de pratique illégale ne se répète jamais .
did you know that one year of the world 's military spending equals 700 years of the u.n budget and equals 2,928 years of the u.n budget allocated for women
she advised him not to use too much salt
Cependant , ce n' est pas ce qui s' est passé et il est désormais temps de changer certaines choses .
J’ espère que ces amendements seront acceptés car , si tel n’ est pas le cas , nous voterons certainement contre le rapport .
however then the analysis informs us only about the beginning and the end telling us nothing about what happened in the middle
Quelques - uns , notamment certaines personnes présentes dans cette Assemblée , ont naïvement interprété ceci comme étant un événement similaire à celui qui s’ était précédemment produit en Géorgie et en Ukraine .
( RO ) La crise économique a eu un impact sérieux sur l' économie mondiale .
one of them let her daughter drop out of three different kindergartens because she did n’t want to go to them
we all need to be partners in this effort
i gather that the five words in english come to eleven in the spanish text
Mesdames et Messieurs , je constate que vous êtes nombreux à arborer un ruban rouge .
Tout réfugié politique a le droit d' entrer dans l' Union européenne et , une fois reconnu , de séjourner sur le territoire européen .
Par un commerce renforcé , nous contribuons à la paix mondiale , au bien-être et , si nous nous organisons correctement , à une plus grande justice sociale .
Le goût de la princesse pour les plaisirs était en plein essor ; et l' on ne songeait qu' à leur donner de nouveaux assaisonnements qui pussent les rendre plus piquants .
i hope that the outcome will result in new market opportunities and a strengthening of the rules on multilateral trade so as to place trade at the service of sustainable development
to bring in soil protection is not the responsibility of the european parliament nor can it be done throughout the whole of the european union
again an example from the united kingdom 2.25 million women workers - mainly those working part - time - are excluded from social insurance schemes because their wages are too low
Monsieur le Président , en étudiant ce document final le week - end dernier , j' ai tout d' abord été surpris par sa conception .
Et je me souviens d' une exposition de design que j' ai fait pour John Maeda , et pour la Fondation Cartier à Paris .
today natura 2000 covers more than 18 000 sites 64 million hectares and nearly 15 % of the landmass of europe
they did not know enough about the decisions it made and they had not got the trust in europe ’s politicians to steer the right course
Notre destin commun est de nouveau celui de bâtir ensemble un avenir fondé sur le partage de valeurs fondamentales : la paix , la démocratie , l' État de droit , le respect des droits de l' homme et la protection des minorités .
De Bakey a dû passer trois mois hospitalisé , durant lesquels il était la plupart du temps incapable de parler ou de manger , et encore moins de se lever , lire ou communiquer avec autrui .
following that iraq must be reconstructed
Les années 1980 ne furent guère meilleures .
for this purpose the plan of action is offering some useful instruments
i would like to underline that we have good contacts with the member states
this was a victory for common sense and has pleased the industry and my london constituents and i thank the rapporteur and commission for this derogation
those who were supposed to remain in the market were those who were most competitive
Cependant , nous craignons fort que les propositions ne s' adressent à des oreilles qui ne veulent pas entendre .
many elderly people - a considerable part of the european population - are wondering whether under pressure of the euro their pensions will be able to retain their value
J' appelle instamment le Conseil et la Commission à contribuer à arrêter l' escalade de la violence et à soutenir les actions des citoyens s' opposant à la violence israélienne dans les territoires palestiniens .
that is why before the commission tables a marco polo iii proposal we really need a general debate so that we can reintroduce all these points which are necessary to our future orientation
that 's the twelfth one
Et même , comment [ ce débat ] avait - il commencé ?
mr president fair access to drugs to combat hiv and other diseases is i believe a very important issue
so we are left with coalitions of the willing
Examinons tout d' abord ce que produit le rayonnement ultraviolet à la surface de la Terre .
Dans le cas d' espèce , les Verts craignent que le régime commercial préférentiel instauré avec l' UE en conséquence de cet APEI ne nuise à l' intégration économique dans cette région largement dispersée autour de l' océan Pacifique .
Il y a peu d' exceptions et celles - ci devront être dûment justifiées . D' autre part , les règles en matière de voies de recours ont été renforcées .
the european union has brought forward proposals to prevent our financial systems being used for money - laundering to fund terrorist activities
Les enfants sont notre avenir ; ils sont les travailleurs , les consommateurs et les parents de demain .
( ET ) Mesdames et Messieurs , hier , Igor Smirnov , qui , il y a 15 ans , s' est emparé du pouvoir en Transnistrie avec l' aide des forces russes , s' est élu lui - même pour cinq autres années en tant que président d' un pays illégitime .
i too of course share everyone 's view that the roma should be treated correctly but most of the problems mentioned in this report are attributable to a lifestyle a way of living that these people have actively chosen
she spoke to me in spanish
Quiconque venant du Brésil connait cette plante .
Cela empêche les consommateurs de glisser dans la criminalité et les protège de l' assuétude aux drogues dures et offre les meilleures chances d' un retour à une vie sans drogue .
par écrit . - Ce texte fait l' éloge des négociations engagées par la Commission en vue d' établir un accord économique et commercial global entre l' UE et le Canada .
sounds nice but this can only buy time
Dans les pays en développement , la mortalité féminine causée par une grossesse ou un accouchement est 33 fois supérieure à celle des pays industrialisés .
Nous savons tous ce que cela signifie .
Je tiens d’ abord à remercier le Parlement pour le travail accompli , et le débat qui a eu lieu .
Madame la Commissaire , vous avez raison de dire que la déconcentration ou décentralisation et le renforcement des délégations ont mis sur les rails un important processus de réforme des dépenses consacrées à la politique extérieure .
he gave me a private space in the local library supplied me with books found reports for me and helped me to reconstruct my studies
A l’ avenir , a ajouté Cameron , tout musulman qui ne serait , par exemple , ni pour le droit des femmes , ni pour la liberté d’ expression , ni pour l’ intégration , se verrait privé par le gouvernement de toute subvention .
Sa dernière nomination à la Cour Suprême américaine , le juge Samuel Alito , illustre bien cette tendance .
. - Je souhaiterais féliciter M. Van Orden pour son remarquable rapport , qui représente , je pense , l’ aboutissement d’ un travail ardu , et je souhaiterais également remercier la Commission pour l’ excellent travail réalisé à l’ égard des pays candidats .
Dans d’ autres domaines également , les négociations délicates sont terminées .
Dès que tu as fini de peindre le mur , tu peux rentrer .
Ton stylo est meilleur que le mien .
we have all been pioneers in fighting for the abolition of capital punishment
mr chastel 's message on behalf of baroness ashton concerning the provision of eur 2 million to support this resolution is a very positive one
Il n' est pas mis en place de personnel auxiliaire dans ce domaine et il faut revenir sur les coupes des moyens financiers opérées ces derniers temps .
J' ai beaucoup de respect pour le commissaire Frattini mais l' UE ne peut véritablement revendiquer les actions de notre police nationale et des services de sécurité .
Il n' a pas obtenu de permis de conduire avant d' avoir vingt-huit ans .
La puissance de l’ internet se répandant par le biais de sites de réseaux sociaux et politiques et la démocratie virtuelle se développant , cette influence de la base vers le haut devrait elle aussi se développer .
how do you like your new class
Le soin de son concepteur pour le détail et sa construction rend la structure d' Helios souple et robuste pour gérer les turbulences rencontrées dans l' atmosphère .
Ce sera une œuvre de longue haleine et , véritablement , il est important que les présidences suivantes , à commencer par les présidences tchèque et suédoise , poursuivent l' œuvre entreprise .
Le Danemark a enregistré une croissance globale de 20 % contre 10 % dans la zone euro .
you go into an area like this you get a geologic map you get a topographic map and the best most - inspired team you can bring to the area
but you 're young you could still try again
it is our view that all immigrant workers living and working in any european union country must have the same rights and freedoms particularly the freedom of movement as european union nationals
i should like to say to my very esteemed swedish fellow meps that i have the feeling that there is a huge misunderstanding
De la part du gouvernement turc , il nous faudrait des actes qui prouvent sa volonté de se conformer aux règles de l’ Union Européenne .
like all the previous speakers on this subject i personally regard what we are doing with south africa as a scandal
but the truth is that israel ’s hands have been tied
Ce niveau élevé d' investissement est nécessaire parce que l' industrie doit développer et mettre sur le marché la voiture européenne de demain .
Pour nous convaincre que l' économie énergétique et l' efficacité énergétique ne sont pas identiques , il suffit de dire qu' une Mercedes peut , sur le plan énergétique , être plus efficace qu' un scooter , mais qu' un scooter consomme naturellement moins d' énergie qu' une Mercedes .
Dans ces cas - là , le bureau de représentation devrait répondre et s’ assurer d’ introduire une correction ou de rétablir immédiatement la réalité des faits .
this is an issue that the commission needs be more effective on
on the same day the central executive committee of the pakistan people ’s party “ authorized the prime minister to reappoint a smaller cabinet with fewer ministers enjoying reputation of integrity competence and efficiency ”
Il est heureux que notre Parlement en débatte : il est urgent , M. le Commissaire , que la Commission prenne des mesures .
the merit of this text is that it takes the decision of the irish people to reject the nice treaty seriously and does not disguise and i quote the uncertainty that this brings into the timetable for enlargement
rather than a specifically quantified improvement in efficiency the commission could accept the expression substantial improvement and the council also could accept that which would make it possible for all of us to give the proposal final approval
therefore in total the financial allocation has been maintained over the four - year term
there 's a lot of vulnerable people out there it 's very exciting
Vous pouvez prendre une boîte en carton pour la livraison des chaussures , vous pouvez ajouter de l' eau -- ce que j' ai développé pour la communauté de réfugiés -- du maïs , des haricots et des courges , et des oignons .
Nous devons prendre acte du fait que les agences de notation de crédit ont pour partie contribué à la crise .
so you 'll notice that many of the symbols look like pictures of humans of insects of fishes of birds
with business travel in particular it is certainly the case that action is required on the flat - rate deduction of 50 % in respect of accommodation costs
the ideas are coming back from the consumers and they 're often ahead of the producers
Ça a ses avantages .
and it allowed us to go back to first principles and redefine fly tower acoustic enclosure light enclosure and so forth
Quand on passe à ce que vous dites être , l' erreur la plus facile commise par les entreprises est de faire de la publicité autour de choses qu' elles ne sont pas .
i feel that it would be an appropriate gesture on your part as the president of this parliament to appeal to president khatami to at the very least suspend the death sentence passed on this iranian student
Il est inadmissible que des lacunes subsistent dans l' établissement d' un registre européen concernant ces cancers auxquels est applicable la recommandation du Conseil sur le dépistage .
Les sociaux - démocrates roumains se voient donc dans l' obligation de voter contre ce rapport .
Je ne pense pas d’ ailleurs que l’ on trouve beaucoup de végétariens à Crawford , Texas , et la quantité de viande consommée par l’ Américain moyen dépasse de loin celle de n’ importe quel autre pays .
women must have equal pay for work of equal value
Le moment d’ Haïti est venu .
one is that research shows that once you have all of your material needs taken care of -- which most of us all of us here in this room do -- research shows that there are very few things in life that can actually elevate your level of happiness
Cela demande de grands sacrifices et de grands changements dans ces sociétés .
Bien entendu , il convient d' encourager l' établissement de liens directs entre les autorités répressives des États membres , à titre de première étape dans la voie d' un espace de justice commun .
Si la vie elle - même est un cadeau , disait - il , il ne nous est pas fait tort si l' on nous donne moins que ce que nous attendions .
Le plus important n’ est pas la rigidité , mais le développement durable .
instead the war showed its limitations
i would end by saying that i am in favour of both the commission proposal and mrs todini 's report
the agricultural products market is not the same as the market in metals or the energy market
Peut - être plus important , les taux de rendement à court et moyen terme , en particulier dans les périodes où ils sont élevés , ne doivent pas être pris pour des indications fiables des taux de rendement à long terme .
providing for derogations and exceptions is unacceptable
as it is the implementation of that directive is still suspended in france and that is completely unacceptable
germans have always been enthusiastic proponents of the eu not least because they hoped that a european identity would help compensate for their damaged national identity
C' est ainsi que , dans le domaine des brevets et , plus généralement de la propriété intellectuelle , il devient urgent de construire un cadre juridique européen fiable et respecté .
in our view the report goes too far in its interpretation of some of the provisions contained in the amsterdam treaty
Nous devons être à l’ écoute , car l’ Europe doit être à la fois utile et protectrice .
Vous voyez maintenant quelques raisons de mon optimisme .
i would suggest that in the longer term job increases will be the order of the day as a result of these developments
earlier it ignored calls for standstills and bankruptcy saying that that would entail the abrogation of the debt contract
La confiance à l' égard des rapporteurs a souvent préservé cet élément essentiel de la législation .
they have to be offered a vision of relations with the european union
they mainly concern the modalities with regard to the right to perusal of personal data the entry into force of the decree and the statute of eurojust staff
Deuxièmement , la fiscalité doit être modifiée afin de favoriser ceux qui travaillent .
J’ ai reçu un courrier de l’ Association européenne des personnels navigants techniques , qui représente 34 000 pilotes en Europe et se dit très préoccupée à ce sujet .
Dans les rapports stratégiques nationaux , les États membres exposent comment ils vont développer leurs politiques afin d' atteindre les objectifs communs .
i would ask that we put real effort into more intensive training of the legal services courts and administrations of the associated states
Mais il s' avère , elle ne me rappelle pas ce que je pensais qu' elle me rappellerait .
Je me suis intéressé au poisson .
La réalité est vraiment très différente .
Contrairement au Yémen , l’ Arabie saoudite est censée avoir créé un système « modèle » de réintégration et de rééducation pour ceux qui reviennent de Guantanamo .
La question de leur réinstallation doit être examinée .
i congratulate her on this report
Celle - ci sera basée sur l' expérience acquise de l' application du nouvel instrument budgétaire créé par le Parlement européen .
Un modèle opposé au modèle agricole américain , à base intensive .
Dans le rapport du Parlement adopté fin 2004 , nous avions revendiqué avec insistance le développement du sud-est du pays et davantage de droits culturels pour le peuple kurde .
La politique contre le racisme , c' est non pas mener des campagnes abusives , mais garantir les droits tels que le droit d' asile , le droit à la famille , le droit à la libre circulation , le droit de vote .
Il est important que ces fonds soient directement disponibles pour les travaux des organisations des droits de l' homme locales , et ce le plus efficacement possible .
in some member states the citizens ’ confidence in the services falls well short of what one would wish to see
La Commission n’ a encore reçu aucune plainte concernant cet incident de la part des représentants de l’ organisation « Women on Waves » .
Bien entendu , la réponse aurait dû être politique , mais cela n' a pas été le cas .
Nous devrions également faire progresser ce qui se trouve déjà sur la table aujourd'hui , à savoir la directive Seveso II modifiée , et ce à cause des accidents précédents .
Pratiquement , la proposition de la commission signifie que le Parlement doit rejeter la proposition de la Commission dans son intégralité .
Toutes les projections -- celle la va grandir de un , deux ou trois pour cent .
La nuit est chaude .
now let 's go to the visuals
that event was the agreement of hamas and fatah over the so - called prisoners ’ document
ps a very dramatic transformation has come about
this is the reason why the council decided not to entertain the slightest reduction in regard to objectives 1 and 6 of the structural funds and the disadvantaged regions
Les contributions de l’ Europe au Moyen - orient ont été remarquables .
Donc ma première prédiction est que la vie est partout dans l' univers .
Toutes les entreprises qui le respectent doivent être nommément citées dans le Journal officiel de l' UE .
perhaps one solution could be to impose an initial limited moratorium on animal research
the high level of public health protection to which the european union aspires means that great care must be taken when placing on the market and/or distributing products containing substances that are hazardous to human health
the deer is three times as heavy as jane
i believe the eu budget is needed to provide long - term stability against the severe austerity measures which are being introduced by national governments in europe
D' où l' importance d' avoir des partenariats avec une réelle influence des régions où l' argent est utilisé , ainsi que de simplifier les procédures administratives , de sorte que la paperasserie n' empêche pas les régions d' utiliser l' argent de façon appropriée .
Je tiens à remercier les deux rapporteurs d’ être à nos côtés aujourd’hui et je leur suis reconnaissant du travail qu’ ils ont accompli .
Et dans ce cas , la prospérité d’ aujourd’ hui pourrait bien s’ avérer éphémère .
secondly we have duly taken into account the sensitivities of the european textile industry and the somewhat difficult position this industry might be in
there is a further consequence which links in with our debate here some time ago on the coming into operation of the treaty of amsterdam that is the question of employment
Si les principes du service universel et du contrôle démocratique sont assurés et si le rapport à l' examen , dans sa version finale , contient ces principes , il méritera certainement notre appui .
Soyez sûrs que nous inciterons nos interlocuteurs de la société civile à investir de façon constructive et sans tabou ce nouvel espace politique européen .
the necessity of integrating economic policy is what needs to be discussed henceforth
yes he admits china is growing in strength but us dominance is still overwhelming american military might can still “ make right ” against any challenger
in writing - it women are the backbone of the agricultural sector in rural areas
Permettez - moi de vous livrer quelques exemples concrets d' aspects particulièrement importants de ce rapport .
that ca n't possibly be true
Le présent rapport explore des pistes intéressantes pour assurer le maintien et le renforcement de l' industrie cinématographique des États membres de l' Union européenne .
moreover the right seems to think that the stability and growth pact has proved satisfactory despite the failings of a few major countries
Le premier point est l' affirmation de plus en plus répandue que le travail au noir est avant tout dû à des impôts et des taxes trop élevés .
i have a question i would like to put to the commission
our group supports both reports submitted by mrs keßler
in explaining the so - called toolbox nature of the framework your contribution also helped to clarify the meaning of the original text
mr dell'alba 's report relates to an amendment to rule 48 of the rules of procedure which concerns written declarations
xml are the nubs on the lego that allow us to combine the content together in myriad different ways and it provides us a framework to share content
it ’s considered directly responsible for a spike in the sale of generator sets and even for absences from religious functions which clash with its broadcast times
at the same time however it would also be wrong for us not to do everything in our power to achieve the best possible outcome for the health of our fellow citizens and for the environment in which they live
Par conséquent , quand il apparaît qu’ on ignore leur avis , il s’ agit peut - être d’ un mauvais avis .
i would like to especially thank heikki joustie who was involved as official representative and who made his own splendid contribution in circumstances that were unusually awkward as far as the international situation was concerned
( PL ) Monsieur le Président , nous discutons de l' assassinat d' un ministre et d' un catholique qui a exprimait publiquement ses racines chrétiennes .
À titre d' information , je puis vous dire que la Commission a désigné des personnes chargées de ce rôle de contact dans toutes les directions générales .
Des points de vue tranchés ont été exprimés au sujet des droits de l’ homme , de même que d’ autres inquiétudes , tels notamment les conflits régionaux .
well we deduce it by the direction that the ray is traveling as it enters our eye right
Autre chose à propos de ce projet , c' est que nous apportons la propriété intellectuelle , nous apportons une approche marketing nous apportons tout ça , mais je pense qu' en fin de compte , ce que nous apportons , ce sont ces valeurs , elles créent une âme pour les entreprises avec lesquelles nous travaillons .
Je voudrais demander au gouvernement polonais d' emboîter le pas au Parlement européen et de faire en sorte d' accroître l' enveloppe budgétaire consacrée à l' Année européenne du volontariat .
more people get into trouble for things they say rather than for what they do
i would like to see parliament be able to engage more fully
J’ appuie également l’ avis du rapporteur selon lequel le programme devrait être accessible à tous et ne pas seulement s’ adresser à des groupes privilégiés jouissant d’ une bonne éducation .
Par ailleurs , les différences culturelles entre les Etats - Unis et l' Allemagne n' étaient pas aussi grandes qu' entre les Etats - Unis et le Moyen - Orient .
such was the case of the accident the floods in the south of france the terrorist attack on madrid and the forest fires in spain and portugal
Si vous voyez les ombres qui passent à travers , elles sont en fait probablement plus importantes que le produit mais c' est le minimum qu' il faut .
Aujourd’hui , les citoyens de ces pays sont déçus et préoccupés par le fossé entre les promesses et les prestations .
consultation and communication between our two countries over the years regarding the british nuclear programme have not been good
Nous voterons néanmoins en faveur de cet accord interinstitutionnel , étant donné qu’ il est le seul compromis possible dans les circonstances actuelles .
he simply ignored him while reversing his achievements in building a free russia
Quel coup d’ envoi impressionnant !
Car si l’ argent des contribuables est de toute façon exposé , comme c’ est le cas aujourd’hui , pourquoi ne pas l’ utiliser de manière créative ?
all of this is at stake today
C' est pourquoi j' en appelle à la Commission pour qu' elle tienne compte des recommandations qu' il contient , en particulier aux paragraphes 4 et 7 , où nous demandons des initiatives spécifiques de sa part .
that 's a stunning vision
Quand le concert aura - t - il lieu ?
for many nations that will require developing institutions capable of conducting adequate planning monitoring and evaluation
it is true that the liberals are the first to have tabled an amendment which aims to ensure a compromise and which i hope can be adopted by the house tomorrow and accepted by the council
what is needed is solidarity between eu member states yet this is currently lacking for example with regard to the ‘ black list ’ of terrorist organisations
Cela devrait d' ailleurs figurer au premier rang de nos priorités dans tous nos rapports avec des pays tiers .
thirdly there are the outlines of essential components of the bali action plan namely a common vision mitigation adaptation technologies and financing
Ces navires ont dû réduire leur équipage .
that is why we voted against the report
but if the cow was purple -- is n't that a great special effect
Je veux une autre bière .
however it needs to be reinforced with clear regulations
As - tu déjà vu ce poisson ?
for all these reasons we can only rejoice at the approval of this agreement
Troisièmement , compte tenu du ralentissement de la croissance dans les économies avancées , il semble que la technologie de l’ information soit la championne de la moralité , tout comme l’ était la finance jusqu’ à il y a cinq ans .
En outre , l' étiquetage est important car il permet de dépister de manière plus efficace les médicaments contrefaits .
it is true that the council discussed including bio data but only on visas to be issued to third country nationals
i said oh my god what is that
Ces toxicomanes à l' héroïne en cure de détoxification au Pakistan m' ont rappelé des personnages dans une pièce de Beckett : isolés , attendant dans la nuit , mais attirés par la lumière .
Le président Jacques Chirac s' est alors mis à accuser son rival , Lionel Jospin , d' avoir provoqué le « déclin français » .
one says stabilise the rescue package and build it up another says do not build it up
L' introduction de l' euro pourrait être une occasion unique de prouver que l' Union européenne est disposée à faire un geste pour les citoyens défavorisés par le destin .
you see you said you do not want any new taxes
Tout ça est minutieusement enregistré .
we are now a year on
Il s' agit d' une disposition très importante sur la liberté de l' internet .
Ne le considérez pas avec dédain juste parce qu' il est pauvre .
Je dois féliciter le Parlement d' avoir identifié les problèmes sous-jacents et d' avoir posé le bon diagnostic afin de proposer de vraies solutions .
but it 's not a joke this is a real headline
because cricket for a long time in india was always organized
La première et la plus simple émotion que nous découvrons dans l' esprit humain est la Curiosité .
Permettez - moi de remercier officiellement le président espagnol en exercice du Conseil , M. Ramón de Miguel , d' avoir assisté à ce débat toute l' après - midi .
Il a présenté un bon rapport .
Il est devenu célèbre .
for example reducing start - up time for new businesses to no more than one week or cheaper protection of intellectual property rights
but it 's a typical savannah country and we enjoy cooler temperatures
and you need the local people for that because these grasslands once they start burning it goes through it like a windstorm and you lose again the last bit of ash and nutrients to the first rainfall -- going to the sea killing off the coral reefs there
for hamas this is a life - and - death struggle
mr president i certainly agree with promoting a european growth initiative
Je pense que ce sujet doit encore être étudié , sous le profil tant culturel que pratique .
indeed the vessels employed in short sea shipping are particularly small and dilapidated
C' est un dilemme , un dilemme autour de la croissance .
Nous avons aussi créé une salle de conseil . J' ai engagé un ébéniste japonais de Kyoto au Japon , et lui ai commandé 60 meubles pour notre bâtiment .
Cela devrait permettre d' avoir une meilleure vision des problèmes que la Communauté pourrait éventuellement rencontrer si la présence de l' ESB dans des conditions naturelles était un jour confirmée chez le mouton .
Superman n' est pas seulement envoyé à la Terre du ciel , ou de Krypton , mais il est envoyé dans une nacelle , un peu comme Moïse sur le Nil .
mary made a cake without her mother 's knowledge
we believe that this is a moderate and balanced plan even if many who are being asked to make further compromises find it hard to accept
it is an important decision which means that we will help a very important neighbour of the european union and poland
and our job as elected representatives of the people is to disseminate that power to the people
La ligne économique est claire : le monde a besoin que tous les pays industrialisés s’ engagent à adopter une nouvelle série de plans de relance .
so these are some that we 've been asked to think about recently
only then can a directive be a good directive
Kevin Shangraw : Les Irakiens sont ceux que nous sommes là pour aider -- et nous venons d' en tuer un .
Les membres du Parlement européen ont été très déçus de ce que leur résolution précédente ait été ignorée .
it is of great importance that information on the member states accounts is comparable
Les récentes déclarations incitent en tout cas à accréditer le préjugé du " tout dans les jambes , rien dans la tête " en ce qui concerne certains joueurs de football .
the next item is the joint debate on the following motions for resolutions on human rights in zimbabwe
by contrast a gap between supply and demand when the corresponding excess demand is for financial assets is a recipe for economic meltdown
Quand on est pro-européen , on le prouve , et on ne formule pas au sujet de ce traité de fausses allégations scandaleuses .
it 's just better to be able to understand more of the world around you and the people that you are communicating with and to remember what you have learned
Si un tel marché existait pour la science , les scientifiques formeraient des entreprises , et comme dans le monde des affaires , les meilleures réussiraient tandis que les autres échoueraient .
Et elle a adoré mon idée , mais elle a ainsi rejeté ceux que j' avais sélectionnés .
alongside hiv and malaria tuberculosis is one of the most widespread epidemics in the world
is there nothing the commission can do about this during the course of its duties
doubts also persist about the process of binding foods for example cold bonding without the addition of salt and without any subsequent heating process and the safety of the final product
À l' intérieur de l' Union , de nombreuses questions sont soulevées sur les coûts que va engendrer l' élargissement et sur la façon dont la nouvelle UE va pouvoir fonctionner .
the case of spain – where a competent and respected government is bearing the full brunt of a financial crisis that began elsewhere – is identical
Souris maintenant , pleure plus tard !
and these are projects to make the world around them a better place
Certains experts estiment que ce chiffre aura doublé à l’ horizon 2010 .
first there must be a technological necessity for them they must not damage health they must not mislead the consumer and they must of course show advantages
Notre gestion budgétaire saine est désormais largement reconnue : les principales agences de notations remontent régulièrement la note des Philippines depuis notre arrivée au gouvernement il y a un an .
Je ne fais pas ici référence aux ouvrages incendiaires et autres réclames télévisées qui sont utilisés pour leur campagne .
Outre le fait qu' il n' est pas toujours facile pour les caméramans de travailler là , ce positionnement pose également problème aux députés qui veulent travailler à cet endroit .
Leur attitude ne les dispense pas de rester à l' écoute du marché .
sometimes they do fall into traps
Monsieur Brown cherche ses propres verres .
tom does n't know what mary 's doing now
La Commission ne voit pas l' opportunité de procéder à une étude en la matière .
La corruption à moindre échelle est néfaste , mais la corruption systémique des processus politiques peut coûter bien plus cher .
Des réformes démocratiques et la tenue d’ élections libres et régulières constituent également des composantes importantes du plan d’ action UE - Moldavie adopté par le Conseil de coopération dans le cadre de la politique européenne de voisinage .
Si vous prenez les 10 pays qui sont devenus les empires occidentaux , en 1500 ils étaient vraiment minuscules -- 5 % de la surface du monde terrestre , 16 % de sa population , peut - être 20 % de son revenu .
she married well she married an adviser friend and supporter of tony blair and got put in the house of lords
he needs it
Il n' est pas étonnant que la stabilité politique de la région soit devenue une priorité pour les Européens .
he is tall and strong
we are well on the way to achieving that
J' espère que cette discussion reprendra en Autriche et que le résultat en sera positif .
Nous sommes opposés à cette vision , Monsieur le Président , que nous considérons contradictoire à l' urgence de rendre l' Union plus démocratique et plus efficace , et nous espérons vraiment que la Convention ne la suivra pas .
your commissioner sent us a reply in which amongst other things he wrote that the residence rights of such couples is recognised by european law
the budgetary reasons arise primarily from the fact that the contribution period for payment of a pension is 35 pensionable years i refer you to article 77(2 of the staff regulations
Nous ne devons rien inventer , nous devons simplement nous rappeler les traditions ancestrales .
( EL ) Monsieur le Président , la santé n' est pas et ne peut pas être considérée comme un bien de consommation qui , pire encore , doit répondre aux conditions du marché et à la concurrence .
he has made a major contribution to the instrument which the member states can now take up being more efficient than ever before
À cet égard , et en complément à la question , il serait intéressant de savoir si la Commission estime qu' il faudrait disposer d' une seule définition pour l' ensemble de l' Union européenne .
you are no longer welcome here
in bosnia we are now represented by a police mission
Et c' est surtout dans le troisième que les visions de l' avenir commencent à se manifester .
C’ est un endroit absolument magique et merveilleux où vivre et grandir si on est un gosse intéressé par les animaux .
paedophiles are organizing networks to exchange information and entice children into their sordid world
i ca n't hear what you 're saying
Je voudrais affirmer que l' art et la culture , et c' est pour cela que l' art et la culture sont si incroyablement intéressants à cette époque où nous vivons maintenant , ont prouvé que l' on peut créer une sorte d' espace qui est à la fois sensible à l' individualité et à la collectivité .
Si les Européens veulent conserver l’ euro , il est nécessaire de faire rapidement progresser l’ union politique . A défaut , qu’ on le veuille ou non , l’ euro et l’ intégration européenne se déliteront .
and mayan inscriptions proclaim that he was deeply in love with his wife
C' était la déformation de l' esprit qui devait être abordée pour contrôler ,
Je voudrais souligner les références à Macao .
Un téléphone du diable .
Avant tout , prends soin de toi .
american policymakers focused primarily on enlarging nato to encompass many of the former warsaw pact countries and on contending with the post - yugoslav wars
Il m' a pris par le cou .
the recession exacerbated such views and in 2009 half of americans favored reducing legal immigration up from 39 % in 2008
you do n't have to be an engineer to make beautiful houses beautiful bridges beautiful buildings
Mais , il faut aller plus loin et un effort d' information et de communication est nécessaire .
Parlez - vous l' allemand ?
Monsieur le Président , Madame le Commissaire , chers collègues , nous soutenons la position commune et nous y retrouvons nos propositions d' amendements .
Cette résolution plaide en faveur d' un Moyen - Orient sans armes nucléaires et du retrait de toutes les ogives tactiques du sol européen , dans le contexte d' un dialogue fraternel avec la Russie .
one of his cabinet appointees was arrested for corruption within two weeks of leung ’s assumption of his official duties
Alors , la peur , la honte , le silence et le sentiment de culpabilité sont les meilleurs alliés de la violence .
J’ ai eu des tonnes de papiers secrets et des échanges avec les restaurants de fast food .
Quand le crédit s’ étend , écrit - il , “ il se produit immanquablement un regain de prospérité nationale ; le pays fait un bond en avant comme par magie .
Il ne l' a pas dit une fois , mais cinq fois !
La commission juridique et du marché intérieur n' a hélas pas fourni cette directive transparente et exploitable .
a spring rain revived the flower
Nous ne pouvons avoir une situation où le recyclage est encouragé d’ un côté et où les matériaux recyclés ne sont pas autorisés sur le marché de l’ autre côté .
J' ai une lettre qu' il a écrite .
Nous remarquons le potentiel et l’ immense contribution que la Chine et le peuple chinois peuvent apporter dans le monde entier .
this election may sound a wake - up call to the moderates and livni is their tested leader
i completely support the notion that we must allocate eur 146 million to projects in the field of energy
Pour en revenir au rapport de M. Grosch , j' aurais aimé y lire une clarification , pas une restriction .
particular mention should be - and already has been - made of the roma an ethnic group that has lived among us for centuries
without the continued presence of russian troops - as has been stated by my colleague mrs mikko - the conflicts we now have to deal with would probably have disappeared
J' espère sincèrement que les quelques réserves que j' ai émises pendant le débat en première lecture sont fondées .
radio could carry sound without wires
we got a small seed grant just to see if folks would be willing to work with us on this we 're very excited about the future possibilities for that
Ce serait une première si les difficultés étaient résolues ... en faisant des économies .
i must have misunderstood and i should therefore like some clarification on this matter
behind this seemingly formal request is my firm determination that from now on we recognise female farmers for the important role they play
the impel network which includes representatives from enforcement authorities and agencies in the member states possesses the practical down - to - earth experience which is needed for this preparatory work
Elle est aussi jolie que sa sœur .
he 's american through and through
Ma première remarque est que j’ apprécie le fait que les rapports se penchent sur un seul fonds et un seul programme , car cela rationalise la gestion des affaires et la rend plus efficace et moins complexe .
we demand that they implement an urgent revision of their judicial system taking into consideration international law un conventions and respect for the human rights of the sudanese people
mr president ladies and gentlemen after 17 years as a member of this european parliament i am standing here today on behalf of the liberal group to deliver what is probably my last speech in a plenary debate
Sinon , va embêter quelqu' un d' autre aujourd'hui .
i would like very warmly to thank commissioner de palacio for committing the commission to becoming active in this area and to producing standards
Ensuite il a dit : « Si tu vois un léopard , alors là , cours aussi vite que tu peux . »
madam president i would also alert you to the fact that i have a vested interest in copyright matters in connection with danish radio and i am therefore abstaining from voting
if a firm has a problem exporting to a country outside the eu it refers it to the market access database
- ( NL ) Le renforcement des mesures proposé par le rapporteur va à l' encontre des expériences acquises par le passé .
C' est vraiment important , car si nous passons trop rapidement de l' aide aux personnes dans le besoin à la reconstruction , nous risquons une tragédie très grave .
Désolée , c' est une telle opportunité et tout ça , d' être ici maintenant .
in any event these accession negotiations need to be managed carefully and prepared thoroughly in order to facilitate such a process and an outcome that enhances the achievements of fifty years of european integration
all those involved must do their best to overcome the separation
Monsieur le Président , le débat sur l' avenir de la sécurité routière en Europe se tient à un moment où l' utilisation des téléphones mobiles augmente rapidement en Irlande et en Europe .
it condemns the illegal incursions by the israeli army the extrajudicial executions the complete blockade of the occupied territories and the extension of the settlements there
we must actively support all attempts at dialogue which are appearing in order to put an end to the current massacres
we also have concerns regarding competition and safety in competing modes of transport
the humanitarian context has changed profoundly in recent years hence the need to improve the eu 's disaster response capability
there are already two directives on lawyers that of 22 march 1977 regulating the provision of services and that of 23 december 1988 relating to the equivalence of degrees
we hope that all the existing options are analysed in detail
Si j' avais assez d' argent , j' achèterais une belle voiture .
Mettons donc en place le réseau de transport ferré .
the savings rate for households has gone from 5 % of american gdp in 1990 to zero in 2000
Pouvez - vous imaginer ce qui se passera quand un employeur potentiel vérifiera la situation d' un employé potentiel et commencera à lui poser des questions très indiscrètes ?
the key challenge for egyptian revolutionaries is to sustain that unity establish a leadership coalition translate their chants into concrete demands and maintain the pressure during implementation
Le respect des principes de l' accord de Cotonou est également observé avec la plus grande attention .
she acted in the play
Nous défaisons tout cela maintenant , et ils ont vraiment tourné la page , et regardent vers l' avenir .
president barroso and i will be visiting the region together starting tomorrow and concluding in ohrid on saturday
some newspapers distorted the news
Ayant moi - même participé à la rédaction de cette résolution , je souhaite féliciter les députés du parlement de l' ancienne République yougoslave de Macédoine pour leur courage politique et leur contribution à la réconciliation dans la région .
that 's the consumer society
and we only get the one chance if we mess up our spaceship we 've got nowhere else to go
Scandaleux .
Il semble tout à fait inacceptable d' essayer de déposer un brevet- - pour la liberté de vol sous-marin .
the commission accepts however that this matter needs to be agreed with those who are most concerned and is therefore open to reconsidering its position
Malgré une grande agitation et une publicité soutenue , celle - ci n' a en fait produit aucun résultat positif .
i do n't know if you remember a mac that was 16 megahertz that 's slow speed
Les scientifiques nous disent aujourd'hui qu' ils peuvent tracer les aliments contenant des OGM jusqu' à 0,01 % .
not feeling well i stayed home all day
what else do we need
in the first instance the multinationals
Les gouvernements peuvent négocier en coulisse , mais le Parlement ne peut se payer le luxe du mutisme .
Parce que tandis que l' Afrique est sombre -- mis à part les quelques tâches de lumière qui existent au nord , au sud et dans quelques autres régions -- c' est rayonnant de lumière dans les cœurs des millions de personnes qui sont là bas .
it is not for parliament to set itself up as a legislator
it is not ordinary chechens who blow a school sky - high and kill children in this way for to say that denies the chechens their moral character
i will be quite frank in saying that i have a number of difficulties with the schörling report
at the same time when we talk of best practice in regional policy we need to take account of
we should also be concerned about the actions of some europeans
Nous devons nous pencher sur la manière dont ce plafond pourrait être revu à l' avenir , examiner si ce programme suscite un intérêt prononcé ou s' il pourrait être réglé par le biais d' autres initiatives au titre du 7e programme - cadre .
Et en moins de 24 heures , il y a eu plus de 12 000 réponses .
Il a dit quelques mots en guise d' introduction .
mr president the un member states are facing a difficult dilemma either they opt for the arms industry and economic interests or they choose human safety stability and peace
and with each iteration of that algorithm you learn the iterations of the myth
no one can turn the clock back
La Commission présentera bientôt une proposition de décision - cadre sur la lutte contre les agressions importantes visant les systèmes informatiques .
Nous commençons à le faire en intégrant la prévention des conflits dans les stratégies vis-à-vis de nos partenaires , en prenant en compte les indicateurs de conflit dans nos études stratégiques par pays , par exemple .
Ce n' est un secret pour personne qu' il règne en ce moment , dans de nombreux pays de l' Union européenne , une incertitude , et même un certain chaos , dans la politique d' armement .
J' estime que la proposition de résolution législative n' est pas très claire sur tous les points .
he 's making a great living
Je suis désolée pour elle .
Quand Parfit en vient à la question " Qu' est -ce qui compte ? " , sa réponse est étonnamment évidente .
i regret that the report by the committee on petitions refers us only to the european personnel selection office and not to the european ombudsman who until now has not carried out an ex officio scrutiny of his department
L' infirmière vient me voir avec cet enfant de toute beauté . Et je me rappelle , alors qu' elle s' approche de moi , les voix d' amis me disant , " Dès l' instant où le bébé sera dans tes bras , tu sentiras un sentiment d' amour monter en toi d' une ampleur plus puissante que n' importe quelle chose que tu aies ressentie dans ta vie entière . "
mr reul 's report is extremely important in the context of the current economic crisis and the challenges linked to climate change
the house is on fire
i have time so i 'll do it
C' est pourquoi , pas plus que le commissaire avant moi , je n' ai nul besoin de faire un long discours .
my first point therefore relates to the mediterranean countries in their entirety
( Le président interrompt l' orateur . )
Il y a des fermetures de sites , des licenciements , des délocalisations , sans qu' aucune information préalable n' ait parfois eu lieu dans les entreprises pour les salariés concernés .
the next item is the election of the vice - presidents of the european parliament(1
the solution i think is that we use language at two levels the literal form signals the safest relationship with the listener whereas the implicated content -- the reading between the lines that we count on the listener to perform -- allows the listener to derive the interpretation which is most relevant in context which possibly initiates a changed relationship
i 'm not breaking the law
Nous devons toutefois saisir cette occasion !
( DE ) Mesdames et Messieurs , ceci m' amène à ma déclaration concernant Strasbourg .
the eu needs to ensure that common standards and systems facilitate cross - border rail travel and important projects are promoted within the arterial roads
Medvedev a produit un argument simple et convainquant : ceux qui craignent la transparence sont ceux qui ont quelque chose à cacher .
they are incurring huge financial losses because they are being forced to throw away entire deliveries or let them go for significantly less than the price they paid for them
C' est pourquoi les travaux de la Convention ont été considérés à juste titre par le Conseil comme étant un simple point de départ , et non une destination finale .
Monsieur le Président , je voudrais formuler deux remarques au vu de ce que j' ai entendu ici .
Je me fais une règle de marcher chaque matin .
J' espère très sincèrement , chers collègues , que vous reconnaissez que j' ai abordé ici une préoccupation commune du Parlement .
L' emploi est également en cause .
Les contrôles sur la route portant jusqu’ à 28 jours ne profitent pas à la sécurité routière et entraînent une bureaucratie inutile .
La réponse est : une contribution très limitée .
Elle montra à ses invités comment manger ce qu' elle avait préparé .
Ceci dit , nous avons tous conscience maintenant qu’ il est urgent pour l’ Europe d’ élever son niveau de croissance .
Est -ce également l' avis de la Commission ?
it is quite clear that the group on ethics is going to be increasingly important so are you not a little concerned that there is no clear work plan for it
a marble statue could wave its hand at us the atoms that make up its crystalline structure are all vibrating back and forth anyway
i like rice more than bread
Pour palier à ce fossé des compétences , les Etats - Unis doivent faire en sorte d’ assurer la réussite universitaire des travailleurs actuels et futurs .
Les petites entreprises et les micro-entités sont la meilleure source d' espoir pour les personnes sans emploi , mais les directives européennes les empêchent de fonctionner avec succès .
for the nordic countries alcohol policy is a public health and social issue
two weeks ago here in strasbourg i had the privilege to meet two prominent dissidents from belarus to discuss political developments in their country
L' orateur illustra la théorie avec des exemples .
Les jeunes agriculteurs ont - ils été les oubliés de la Commission ?
Il est impossible de dire quand la Terre a vu le jour précisément .
Jusqu’ en 2006 , Berlusconi s’ est appuyé sur trois soutiens : les fédéralistes de la Ligue du Nord , les post-fascistes menés par Gianfranco Fini , et l’ Union Catholique du Centre ( UDP ) , sous la direction de Pier Ferdinando Casini .
Ces préoccupations sont trop souvent ignorées .
Le contrôle des maladies exige un système sanitaire susceptible de fournir des médicaments de survie et des services préventifs de base comme des lits filets pour combattre la malaria et des vitamines pour lutter contre les carences nutritives .
Je développe des photos , et Kodak dit : " Faites simple " .
Cela signifie naturellement que l' industrie automobile japonaise devra également se conformer à ces règles .
with russia spain believes the european union needs to support the strategy that country is currently implementing
and indeed it 's not just by chance that they 're like them
Le fait que nous l' ayons compris , bien qu' à la lumière d' événements tragiques , est le signe que nous comprenons le monde qui nous entoure .
Ainsi , nous consulterons toutes les parties prenantes et ensuite nous publierons une communication officielle de la Commission européenne .
Une fois que les hostilités auront cessé , je pense qu' il importera de reprendre dans les plus brefs délais des négociations visant à une paix globale .
La situation de l' emploi en Europe semble enfin s' être légèrement améliorée .
everyone has a right to enjoy his liberty
thank you madam president commissioner honourable members for this exchange of views
Dans ce sens , Madame la Commissaire , je voudrais vous demander pourquoi la Commission n' élabore pas un texte comme la Oil Pollution Act des États - Unis , qui lui permette de lutter réellement contre ce problème .
Tatoeba est un dictionnaire .
Les parents , qui comme leurs enfants n' ont jamais bénéficié d' une formation quelconque , tombent inéluctablement dans la pauvreté et l' endettement .
lastly let me take this opportunity to add my congratulations to the government and parliament of barbados and to the austrian presidency for their excellent organisation of last year 's assembly sessions
though the g-8 had made a clear promise there was no plan on how to fulfill it indeed there were clear instructions that there would be no such plan
Rétrospectivement , il est étonnant qu' il y ait pu avoir des doutes .
Tant il est vrai que , dans le gouvernement d' un tout petit nombre , il y a toujours encore plus petit dans le cercle de ceux qui décident .
although it has occurred in the united states i.e. under american regulatory requirements and standards we must all learn some lessons from it and prevent any similar accidents
it stands to reason that we must agree to all the efforts aimed at imposing the rule of law everywhere and in all circumstances
Puis nous avons ce que je crois être les idées en conflit .
a revision of the allocation formula can therefore only be considered when fish stocks have been restored to sufficient levels of abundance
did n't you feel any pity for your victims these were very intimate murders -- he strangled his victims
Il y a lieu de se féliciter de la coopération mise en place dans la région baltique , qui réunit des Etats membres , des pays hors alliance et des pays membres de l' OTAN .
En Roumanie , la presse a été ajoutée par le président à la liste des menaces à la sécurité nationale .
surely you are not going to tell me that 25 000 people among 400 million is a big problem
in economic terms the negligible level of intra - maghreb trade can be explained by factors such as small market size and low trade complementarity – the weak match in other words between exports and imports
Le rapport établit à juste titre que ce domaine mérite des mesures immédiates .
it is a great honour for me to participate on behalf of the council in your debate on enlargement today
Et les tendances plébiscitées de ces trente dernières années non plus , d’ ailleurs .
they are not going to get a french guarantee they are going to get the danish guarantee
but this is a good report
but the idea is we were there for a month and i wanted to acclimate the animals to us
Les institutions européennes n' ont pas été à la hauteur à l' époque et n' ont pas pu empêcher la panique de se propager dans l' Union européenne .
and particularly where protein feed is concerned we are dependent on imports from third countries where the growing of genetically modified plants is the order of the day
however the development of a common framework of shared goals and values including shared entitlements and structures is more than recommended
Je demande donc à nouveau au Conseil et la Commission qu’ ils fassent part , à titre prioritaire , des conclusions qu’ ils tirent quant à la signature d’ accords d’ association et d’ accords commerciaux avec les pays que j’ ai cités .
Elle a ressenti la même chose que moi .
are you ready you look a little nervous
well i have the following from a firsthand observer who told me this about 35 years ago when i was thinking about these things for some research project of mine he said this fellow -- remember he was n't even put to sleep -- after this major grand mal convulsion sat right up looked at these three fellas and said what the fuck are you assholes trying to do if i could only say that in italian
Et il convient , me semble -t -il , d' agir à ce niveau .
their most dedicated players it 's like a full - time job
Vous vous souvenez très certainement que les attentats de Madrid ont été perpétrés avec des explosifs et des détonateurs disponibles dans le commerce , ce qui incita l' UE à prendre des mesures dans ce domaine .
Nous voyons cela démarrer . Et nous voyons cela grandir jusqu' à l' état stable s' apparentant à toutes les guerres autour du monde .
we are working at peugeot at the moment and in other areas
the report also recommends further review of regulation 3820/85 with the aim of reducing upper limits for driving time and supports the need to investigate alternative control and sanction measures
Et vous connaissez aussi beaucoup de personnes religieuses qui se cachent derrière leur sainteté au lieu d' œuvrer pour le bien .
internet service providers must play their part in preventing their platform being used for destructive forces like libel hate and exploitation
Le fait de réduire les lourdeurs administratives et les coûts engendrés par les demandes de permis constitue une incitation importante pour le secteur de l' aquaculture .
La proposition de créer des emprunts obligataires privés permettant aux entreprises de lever des fonds est une idée intéressante .
promise me you wo n't tell her
regarding education this dialogue should focus on strengthening the mutual recognition of vocational qualifications but also on interchanges of researchers and of university teachers and students
the commission believes that encouraging european regulators to work in this way will also facilitate over time the convergence of regulatory structures throughout the european union
do n't they drive you mad
Il semble pourtant que ces données ne fassent l' objet d' aucune protection .
Cette proposition fournira une norme minimale pour la vente de produits , et ce sur tout le territoire du marché unique .
the commission can not accept amendment no 5 for a number of reasons
and that ’s why i said thank you for being here
Il est de la plus haute importance que nous soyons clairs lorsque nous abordons la situation des organisations volontaires , la liberté de plus en plus réduite des médias et la concentration du pouvoir aux mains de M. Poutine .
Permettez - moi de vous présenter mon ami Yamada .
questions of appropriate style – when to use hard and soft skills – are equally relevant for men and women and should not be clouded by traditional gender stereotypes
La situation dans le secteur du blé reste critique et l' instrument d' intervention publique des États membres doit être immédiatement activé .
henry was not at home as is often the case with him
i was astonished by the clarity of the picture
C' est pour ces raisons que les pays limitrophes de l' UE se sont sentis attirés comme un aimant vers cette zone pacifique et prospère .
La Commission peut également compter à l' avenir sur un rôle constructif de cette Assemblée dans les prochaines réformes du droit de la concurrence .
Le public de ces salles d' opéras , quand elles ont été construites , avait l' habitude de crier , de s' interpeller .
you ought to have come to my wedding reception earlier
Selon lui , les fonctionnaires intelligents de bonne volonté pouvaient concevoir des institutions économiques supérieures au marché – ou au moins modifier le marché à l’ aide de taxes , de subventions et de réglementations en vue de générer des revenus supérieurs .
it used to be called congo then it became zaire and now it is known as the democratic republic of congo
there has been an increase in imports from south - east asia and other regions but exports have also increased in all sectors despite the drop in exports to south - east asia
i promise you i 'll come early
Je tiens , Monsieur le Président , la liste des amendements à votre disposition .
Les actes de violence et de terrorisme , la peur et l' insécurité , qui autrefois étaient limités à quelques endroits de la planète , sont devenus une réalité quotidienne dans de nombreuses autres régions , y compris du monde occidental .
Les objectif de ces deux initiatives est d' améliorer la compétitivité de l' éducation européenne et , subséquemment , d' augmenter le potentiel et la compétitivité de l' Union européenne dans son ensemble .
auteur . - ( HU ) Monsieur le Président , Monsieur le Commissaire , Mesdames et Messieurs , de quoi parlons - nous exactement quand nous parlons de la stratégie de l' Union européenne pour le Danube et quand nous évoquons la région du Danube ?
the bank manager distrusted one of the cashiers
Zidane , le coup de boule dans un instant .
L' absence de prix Sakharov aux opposants maghrébins pendant les années des régimes aujourd'hui en perdition atteste du caractère idéologique aveuglé des eurocrates anticommunistes .
Et deuxièmement , pourquoi c' est un tel problème .
the irish people also said no to this travesty of a text and it was only after much pressure and blackmail that their vote was obtained but already after the european elections
the most recent accident once more underlines the fundamental importance of controlling transalpine traffic flows
what the wording expresses is that besides the budgetary resources funds will also be allocated from the european development fund
europeans may have to embrace new modes of cooperation among their national armed forces in order to put them to effective use
i would recommend that in order to develop tourism member states should use structural funds not only for regional development but also for economic competitiveness and renewal
Monsieur le Président , Mesdames et Messieurs les députés , je vais répéter ce que j' ai dit au début : la violence à l' égard des femmes n' a pas sa place dans une société civilisée .
that 's a mussel you can find in the waters out here
Les nouvelles dispositions concernant la présidence en équipe , regroupant trois États membres en vue de la mise en œuvre d’ un programme convenu , aidera le Conseil à travailler plus efficacement .
they need to see the political dimension working to see that officials accept their responsibilities and that there is communication with the citizens
J' ai voté pour ce rapport en commission , vote que je tiens à reconfirmer aujourd'hui .
before then profound inequalities between china ’s poor countryside and its dynamic industrial centers will generate tensions which may be increased by the gender imbalance – young men greatly outnumber young women
La sécurité alimentaire est d' une importance cruciale dans l' Union européenne , mais nous devons veiller à la réglementer et à la contrôler de façon logique et rationnelle .
Appelons cela " le modèle de croissance économique de Shanghai " , qui insiste sur les points suivants afin de promouvoir le développement économique : infrastructures , aéroports , autoroutes , ponts , ce genre de choses .
since 80 % of hiv / aids patients reside in the countryside greater access to health care in these areas has become a priority
Une nouvelle forme d’ antitrust apparaît cependant aujourd’hui – sous la forme de l’ amendement Kanjorski , dont les termes intègrent ceux du projet Dodd - Frank .
i am very pleased about the adoption of the proposal by our excellent colleague and committee chair mr de castro
Encore un mot à l' adresse de mes collègues . Il est insensé de vouloir défendre comme des maraîchers de vieux droits de possession dans cette enceinte .
however less than two years after it came into effect it is trying again with an attempt to remove the repeatability of the eight - hour limit
Ma mère est entrée dans la coopérative .
i 'll help you pack
Tu devrais aller chez toi , maintenant .
Mais c' est ma fille Lauren , ma fille extraordinaire , ma fille qui a des symptômes légers du Syndrome d' Asperger .
i think that having 28 indicators classified under the four basic lisbon goals is the least number required to provide a good understanding of where we are at this moment
after all children 's books are manuals on parenting so you better give them children 's books that teach them perspectives
Si vous étiez là - bas vous ne le feriez pas vous - même .
Mais pour la Turquie qui ambitionne de devenir leader régional , les intérêts Palestiniens sont naturellement plus importants que ses relations avec Israël .
En général , le problème n' est pas très important en ce qui concerne les droits en matière de revenus .
mrs baker had her purse stolen
well we said what if you now send the command to the phantom but give him visual feedback that it 's obeying his command right
Je pensais qu' il était innocent .
it is a mistake for governments to blame europe for these difficult decisions and then to take all the credit for the benefits
Vous devez comprendre ce que ressentent ces gens et ce que leur famille vit quand ça arrive .
that endorsement by itself was almost enough to give morales the presidency
there was a unanimous agreement between the european governments and the commission along with the proposal made by eurocontrol to act in that way
La démographie de la Méditerranée , de la Turquie , de l’ Azerbaïdjan et d’ autres pays de la région , suit une courbe inverse à la nôtre .
Voilà , Mesdames et Messieurs , la raison derrière l' existence de mes forces armées .
i do listen to you with some degree of attention mr santer
Cela est réellement renversant .
Mais s’ il s’ accroche au pouvoir , à l’ encontre de la constitution , sa popularité pourrait très bien s’ effondrer , d’ autant que le succès de sa politique économique est dû à la chance et non à la réforme .
Celles - ci posent plusieurs questions .
La question de la libéralisation des services postaux a été totalement mise de côté par la présidence suédoise et le brevet européen , comme vous le savez , n' a pas vu le jour .
Cette politique ne doit pas viser à créer des obstacles réglementaires , mais plutôt un marché énergétique vraiment ouvert .
the rest of the world can no longer afford africa ’s poverty
On compte le faire passer à travers une zone classée Natura 2000 .
Monsieur Cornelissen , il ne s' agit pas exactement d' une motion de procédure , mais d' une demande à laquelle le Commissaire pourra répondre - mais je ne sais s' il peut le faire maintenant .
Je vais vous dire ce qu' est l' amour . C' est très embarrassant .
it is easy to imagine how difficult it will be to secure the agreement of the council if major amendments are made to the common position
Il a dit que le Royaume - Uni ne l' expulserait pas .
we have not allowed ourselves to be influenced by the huge lobbying effort from industry
Et ensuite , à l’ intérieur de la zoologie , J’ ai suivi un cours , ou une discipline , d' entomologie , la science des insectes .
" Où est ta maison ? " " Elle est de l' autre côté . "
the banks that had loaned them the money replaced the old debt with new bonds at par value which averaged 50 % of the old bonds and the us government provided some sweeteners
mr president commissioner i believe that europe must find solutions to these issues not shift the debate away from them
whether there is a permanent reduction in global imbalances will depend mainly on decisions taken outside the us specifically in countries like china
J' en viens maintenant à la définition du service universel .
N' entre pas .
you can not eat your cake and keep it
Qu' as - tu fait de tes vacances ?
Modification du règlement ( nouvel article 79 bis )
and if this lands on you i assure you it will not hurt you
Deux sommets se profilent à l’ horizon du Premier ministre , et il y a assez de temps pour faire de véritables progrès d’ ici la fin de l’ année .
moreover the us is emphasizing the importance of the east asia summit and asean whose summit overlaps with the eas meeting in phnom penh that obama will be attending
we are dealing here with regulations from the 70s and 80s
Je sais où il vit .
but when i arrived in china that time i had a family waiting for me
- Monsieur le Président , je m’ exprime au nom du parti travailliste au Parlement européen , qui partage une grande partie des aspirations énoncées dans cette résolution .
Pensez - vous que les animaux ont une âme ?
de mr president mr rehn ladies and gentlemen sound statistics efficient data collection and evaluation - that is the basis on which to shape the future
such a single set of rules ensures consistency but at the same time it must be tailored to fit the great number of bodies with very different mandates and competences
La modification apportée à la Constitution en 2008 garantit aux militaires 25 % des sièges au parlement .
Deuxième erreur : les taux d' intérêt élevés sur les plans de secours ont empêché les pays les plus faibles d' améliorer leur compétitivité face aux autres .
Je pense qu' il est important de promouvoir la production et la vente de denrées alimentaires locales et traditionnelles .
i hope members would note that from some of the comments that were made
Pourtant , d' innombrables violations des droits de l' homme sont encore constatées de par le monde . Les causes principales sont la guerre , la pauvreté et les abus de pouvoir .
this picture shows that the revolution has allowed opportunities for training for education
i am therefore arguing in favour of the determination of a strict upper transportation limit but i also support the proposal for the introduction of mobile abattoirs
Nous ne parlons pas de Harry Potter ,
Monsieur le Président , mon intervention a trait au procès-verbal de la dernière période de session qui s' est tenue à Strasbourg .
article 11 of the new constitution declares that “ all that is not written in the exclusive powers of the federal authorities is in the authority of the regions ”
Qui se souvient , il y a juste un siècle , en 1908 , de Messine , où il y a eu 100 000 morts .
Nous voulons naviguer , explorer , découvrir l' information .
where the journey recorders are concerned we still have the old model of oral contact with someone having to ask what is actually meant by what the recorder says
Pour conclure , Monsieur le Président , je voudrais m' arrêter un moment sur la remarque faite à propos de l' aide accordée à l' ancienne Yougoslavie .
you said quite rightly that 10 million of our fellow citizens suffer from diabetes
Le dossier est fin prêt pour une prise de décision , et je ne peux que demander à l' Assemblée de décider maintenant et de ne pas poursuivre cette discussion sans fin .
he 's punching our controls guy the guy behind him is our engineer / surgeon which is a convenient guy to have around
it is not the go - ahead for social dumping
J' appelle donc notre Parlement à soutenir tous les amendements demandant une reconnaissance du génocide arménien , ainsi que ceux qui soulignent la nécessité du respect absolu des libertés religieuses et du droit des minorités .
i must also praise the very useful role played by president poettering on behalf of parliament in the run - up to the berlin declaration
ladies and gentlemen mr president madam commissioner it is my belief that we would be ill - advised to continue solely with such projects
probably this was the case although we still need to cross - check
La bonne nouvelle est que de telles solutions existent , et qu’ elles montrent leur efficacité tous les jours .
however the libraries have accepted that the rights of authors are a priority
Est - il exact que celles - ci sont terminées mais que leurs auteurs sont en train de les revoir à l' instigation de la Commission ?
Parallèlement , nous devons poursuivre les travaux déjà en cours dans le domaine législatif et adopter la proposition de directive sur la gestion du combustible usé et des déchets radioactifs .
that has to change and this report is a step in the right direction
En 2007 , par contre – et ceci représente un réel progrès – une proportion importante de la population française exprime sa frustration en étant tentée par un vote en faveur de « l’ extrême centre » , c’ est - à - dire Bayrou .
she did n't like living in the city
however i regret that you have said nothing about the need to overcome the democratic deficit which lies chiefly in the council
we will also continue to encourage civil society initiatives aimed at increasing public awareness such as the stop the violence against women campaign
La raison : le Kurdistan .
Les bons sentiments abondent .
the proposals he brings forward on 11 march will reflect that awareness of his
Le débat n’ est pas de savoir comment abandonner l’ Europe , mais comment l’ amener à faire ce pour quoi elle a été fondée : améliorer la vie des citoyens .
Telle est exactement l’ approche qui , selon moi , devrait être adoptée en vue d’ attirer l’ attention sur une question qui me tient fort à cœur , à savoir le test des substances chimiques contenues dans le tabac et les cigarettes .
it should when implemented and taken up by eu citizens lead to people availing of cheaper credit
and some 3,000 of those are flying of course one of them is around the world voyager i founded another company in 82 which is my company now
finally i hope that we will also learn a lesson from this procedure when we renew the service regulations for all the union 's staff
i would say on the top of the agenda is sex trafficking
Il a été éduqué à Oxford .
on the other and to some extent as a consequence we have to provide for a budgetary structure to cover those activities which it is felt should survive the ecsc itself
Je me félicite de ce rapport .
many are not aware of -- no this is not a joke
so the object of international law is not to ban “ unjust ” wars and permit “ just ” ones but to assure that wars are waged for limited aims so that they do n’t rage out of control
Laissez - moi vous dire que je pense que , sans un retour à un gouvernement démocratique et la consolidation d' institutions civiles totalement responsables , le pays ne pourra trouver la stabilité , et les extrémistes en seront les principaux bénéficiaires .
Je pense que cela ne peut être dans l' intérêt de l' Union européenne .
Nous ne devrions plus perdre de temps parce que nous avons déjà perdu des années sur les anciennes structures .
it is therefore my great pleasure and honour to speak from this most distinguished place
each of them has its own particular problems and needs to be judged on the basis of its own achievements and so it would be highly desirable for consideration to be given to croatia ’s accession at an early date
En effet , le pays est désormais fermement décidé à devenir une puissance régionale , et son élection récente au Conseil de sécurité de l’ Onu est un nouveau témoin de ces prouesses diplomatiques .
this is just like a residency program for those of you that are in medical school
i think that if we want to discover the full potential in our humanity we need to celebrate those heartbreaking strengths and those glorious disabilities that we all have
Le fait que la majorité des pays achèvent leur transition démographique ne garantit pas que ce sera le cas pour tous .
Je suis donc heureuse que nous puissions aujourd'hui débattre de cette question et je remercie le rapporteur pour son rapport détaillé .
Derrière la façade de beaux slogans concernant la protection de la santé et de l' environnement , les grands acteurs tentent de se débarrasser des petites et moyennes entreprises .
Pour que la démocratie prenne racine en Egypte , en Tunisie et ailleurs dans le monde arabe , il faut que les nouveaux gouvernements décidés à entreprendre des réformes donnent la priorité des priorités à l' emploi des jeunes .
i hope it will be afforded to them
i do n't say let 's go back to the copper canyons and live on corn and maize which is the tarahumara 's preferred diet but maybe there 's somewhere in between
Au point suivant , on lit " réexaminer la directive sur les eaux de baignade " .
i would have nevertheless liked to have it emphasised rather more strongly how sport is the most wonderful way of integrating migrants women and children into a new society
Dans mon groupe , certains députés européens ont été incarcérés dans des prisons communistes .
instead of seeing how they can make their targets more ambitious and more binding when they go to copenhagen the commission and the council are trying to exempt large sectors of industry and the economy
it is very important therefore that we pool all our reserves in that respect
Je vais faire le nécessaire pour qu' ils partent , s' ils sont bien ici .
Il y a visiblement une troupe de comédiens déguisés dans cette Assemblée .
neither the convention 's character nor the urgency can absolve the council or parliament from their joint responsibility for the eu budget
ce que je veux dire c’ est que le monde me tient bien fort , le bon et le mal , mes propres folies et faiblesses , que même cette Vénus contrefaite , en sa chaleur feinte et avec sa poitrine probablement gonflée de gel , m’ excite tellement qu’ elle me coupe le souffle .
mr president president of the commission mr chairman ladies and gentlemen i wish to thank you warmly for your invitation to come and speak here in the european parliament
in particular in paragraph 6 we call for an open and candid dialogue
but it is clear that the problems addressed by the constitution have not gone away
Nous essayons d' encourager le secteur privé et les entreprises à participer à ces activités par différents moyens .
mr president i trust however that parliament will not succumb to the temptation to revive the already dead constitutional idea because it would merely illustrate that it is an ivory tower
J' aborde , avec ce débat , un sujet un peu nouveau dans nos préoccupations .
and if you 've seen amy smith she talks about how you get students at mit to work with communities in haiti
so the identification and labelling of beef are significant initiatives and they complement each other
Et puis , je citerai aussi la récente proposition de directive sur les véhicules propres , sur laquelle la commission de l' environnement débutera ses travaux .
Il est parti sans dire au revoir .
capital flight from china is now at a record high polls of china ’s dollar millionaires reveal that half of them want to emigrate
if no action is taken then we are in danger of starting a process that in the end can not be carried through
Ce n' est pas de cette manière qu' il faut améliorer la sécurité .
La tradition grecque antique de la trêve olympique était née et allait persister pendant plus de 1000 ans .
– mr president i am sorry but you are speaking so quickly that the interpreters are translating too unclearly for us to understand
i am wholeheartedly voting in favour of the joint resolution
who were these people who came before
Il est certainement vrai que , sans l’ engagement de toutes les parties , les progrès seront négligeables .
these institutions need to be able to exercise stronger supervision of the activities of the major banks investment funds and insurance bodies
i congratulate everyone who contributed to this achievement
Troisièmement - et je pense que nous devrons travailler avec la présidence française sur ce point - il faut naturellement appliquer des sanctions contre le dumping environnemental en dehors du marché unique , sur d' autres continents .
L' homme que vous avez rencontré à la gare est mon père .
it may have appeared slow to take decisions
i look forward to your questions and comments and i will do my utmost to respond to them
Mes questions concernent en particulier le fond .
C' est trop peu !
unfortunately after seven years few of those expectations have been met either in lithuania or at european level
La machine est lancée .
Cet accord sert deux causes différentes , mais d' une importance égale .
( EN ) Madame la Présidente , il y a quelques jours , les dirigeants de l' UE annonçaient qu' ils étaient prêts à faire preuve d' une solidarité concrète avec les États membres les plus affectés par les pressions migratoires .
no particular api technology or single api will be laid down
Aujourd’hui , les démocraties libérales en Occident luttent pour éviter – mais ce faisant exacerbent – une crise d’ identité qui met en danger le contrat social existant et menace leur implosion .
mr president we must call for the full restoration of united nations law and we must point out once again that the oil for food programme and the inspections are the sole responsibility of the united nations
the barroso commission looks as though it will be a poor ally in this battle and in this area as well parliament must become the main champion of the institutions ’ credibility and win back the confidence of the people
the detective took six months to get at the truth of that affair
C' est l' une des conditions essentielles pour garantir que des domaines tels que la protection de l' environnement et des consommateurs se voient accorder la place qu' ils méritent et ne soient pas " fondus " dans un panel quelconque .
Quoi qu' il en soit , l' ingrédient le plus important dans la lutte contre la fraude est la volonté politique .
brazilian sugar - based ethanol costs far less to produce than american corn - based ethanol
S' il est vrai que l' évasion et la fraude fiscales présentent une dimension nationale spécifique à chaque pays , elles revêtent aussi , de plus en plus , une dimension supranationale ancrée dans l' utilisation de techniques et de schémas sophistiqués .
it is true that different foreign policy positions are expressed but when we reach the point of taking the final decision on the common foreign policy it is usual for us to do so jointly
par écrit . - Cette résolution approuve la proposition de la Commission concernant la décision du Conseil qui encense la stratégie de Lisbonne et affirme que le chômage a baissé en Europe .
Ainsi , nous ne pouvons même plus discuter de l’ existence ou quoi que ce soit de la directive sur le temps de travail sans prêter le flanc à des accusations de ce genre .
mr president there is clear uncertainty in the international financial markets at present
La priorité espagnole quant à l' élargissement n' est pas accompagnée des engagements nécessaires pour garantir les objectifs légitimes des territoires de l' objectif 1 .
firstly europe needs more democracy
Elle n' a pas de notion de l' espace .
Pour sombre et incertain que soit l' avenir , nous devons fermement soutenir les États - Unis , comme ce noble pays l' a fait lors des heures les plus sombres de notre histoire .
Je note que les deux rapports invitent l' Union européenne à jouer un rôle plus actif dans ce processus de paix .
Vous êtes celui - là .
the banana dispute will not be our last trade dispute the next ones on hormones and steel are already on the horizon
the anchovy stock in the bay of biscay was threatened with collapse and the fishery was therefore closed in 2005
i welcome you and your ambition
as commissioner patten very rightly pointed out such a common position is very sorely lacking
with a view to subsequent updating of the list the commission is consulting the scientific committee for food and has made provisions for a rapid procedure to update the list
Aimeriez - vous venir déjeuner ?
Malgré les divergences entre les positions du Conseil et du Parlement , je pense que le compromis proposé par le Parlement est une bonne base pour les négociations futures et la coordination entre les institutions européennes .
the plan ’s main point is to establish an ad hoc working group to reach a detailed global agreement by 2009 that will set “ measurable reportable and verifiable ” commitments to reduce greenhouse - gas emissions
Il est écrivain .
Ces dernières années , nous avons eu de bons dépistages .
as long as 25 years ago ronald reagan was in no doubt about gaddafi
Il n' a pas été possible , en particulier , d' aider les personnes handicapées à trouver un emploi , ce qui donne lieu à une étrange contradiction sur ce point .
Le problème est que , pour les pays pauvres , lever les capitaux nécessaires à relâcher les entraves à la croissance est une tâche difficile .
i note the opinion that the amount made available for the period 2000 to 2006 is insufficient
Cela signifie que nous devons donner cette possibilité aux États membres pour qu' ils puissent réagir avec flexibilité en cas de pareil danger .
Il est assez riche pour acheter deux voitures .
Monsieur le Président , Mesdames et Messieurs , ce jour marque le centenaire de la première célébration de la Journée internationale de la femme .
two remarks concerning them raised observations
Il y a une bonne raison d' en douter et de s' en méfier .
Il faut des règles claires pour les banques , qui pourraient consister en l' interdiction des contrats d' échange sur défaut de crédit , ou des exigences en matière de garantie et de dépôt de celles - ci contre des valeurs nominales correspondantes .
it should be aimed at people in employment and in particular at groups at risk such as pensioners the unemployed people with disabilities and minorities
we will discuss policy approaches early on so that we will avoid divergent regulation down the road
do you take work home with you
Il n' était même pas nécessaire qu' il ait une bonne connaissance des pays en développement , là où toutes les crises que le FMI doit traiter se produisent !
Nous pouvons au moins commencer à réparer les prothèses , les prothèses cassées des gens et peut - être essayer de faire quelque chose pour des gens comme Mahmoud » .
mr president the commission 's declaration is a confirmation of the european union 's aim to maintain peaceful and stable relations with the countries in the middle east region
Par ailleurs , on ne peut nier qu' une partie de la population iranienne approuve la mise à mort des homosexuels , la discrimination à l' égard des femmes et l' élimination des minorités ethniques .
in the meantime we have gained bad experiences of this in the netherlands
Le Parlement européen a beaucoup contribué à l' élaboration de notre politique d' élargissement et vous avez montré un bel exemple de responsabilité démocratique .
Il est passé d' une vie tendue à l' état Un -- rappelez - vous , " Vie nulle , hostilité désespérée , survie à tout prix " -- à rentrer dans un club pour garçons et filles , bras croisés , assis dans un coin , et se disant , " Merde . Ma vie est vraiment nulle .
aside from these figures the significance of this illness should be measured in terms of the great suffering and serious consequences for the families involved which are obliged to provide 24-hour care for those affected
it is the key subject of the spring summit for without jobs without the prospect of finding work it goes without saying that the people of europe will become increasingly apprehensive
Il s' agit d' un programme extrêmement ambitieux , qui est difficile , voire impossible à évaluer .
Nous soutenons sans aucun doute la proposition de la Commission , mais nous ne pouvons pas accepter l’ insertion des filets maillants de fond en l’ absence de la moindre justification scientifique .
Nous devons installer ce système sans perdre de temps afin de pouvoir l’ utiliser et nous devons créer les conditions - cadres adéquates , en particulier en ce qui concerne les structures .
Ce remorqueur en bois de 1923 fait en pin d' Orégon a entièrement été construit par ce monsieur .
Il ne connait pas la vie . »
the second point concerns the principle of concentration
in the 1999 budget procedure we have an arrangement stating this transparency is now restored with regard to the ecu 230 million
the priority given by the rapporteur to consolidating russian society is completely pertinent
Elle a donc paradé pour me menacer pendant quelques minutes , ensuite , la chose la plus incroyable est arrivée -- elle s' est totalement détendue .
Beaucoup trop longtemps , en tant qu' Union européenne , nous avons pris des mesures , contre la Serbie par exemple , des mesures indispensables mais qui ne nous ont affectés en rien .
Enfin , je voudrais souligner que notre politique commerciale doit elle aussi contribuer à assurer la viabilité future de l' industrie automobile européenne .
full financial support from the eu for kozloduy and ignalina is important in order to correct some of the economic and social consequences experienced with the decommissioning of the nuclear power plants
israel ’s exploits in gaza were a pyrrhic victory and the country is now bound to change its war doctrine of “ offensive defense ”
karadzic ’s arrest is no mere historical footnote it removes from the scene a man who was still undermining peace and progress in the balkans and whose enthusiastic advocacy of ethnic cleansing merits emphatic repudiation
Le rôle traditionnel de l' agriculture européenne , à côté des nouvelles ambitions auxquelles nous aspirons , justifie pleinement le maintien du niveau de ce budget .
. - Je suis certainement d’ accord avec l’ honorable députée : nous sommes parfois frustrés et déçus alors que nous cherchons à relancer le processus de paix au Moyen - Orient .
Parce que , imaginez un cube là - bas dans l' espace intergalactique , de la même taille que notre maison , le système solaire . Certes ce cube est très vide d' un point de vue humain , mais ça signifie quand même qu' il contient plus d' un million de tonnes de matière .
it must be based on solidarity and the willingness of member states and regions to implement their programme objectives as quickly as possible
J' étais accro .
i ca n't believe you are eating what the doctor told you not to eat
the judge is accountable to an appellate court
Un programme européen de réinstallation efficace et durable entraînera des bénéfices pour les réfugiés réinstallés , pour les États membres et pour l' UE elle - même , en lui donnant un rôle de premier plan dans les affaires humanitaires mondiales .
Notre groupe soutiendra ces arrangements spéciaux s' ils s' inscrivent dans ce cadre .
with mr liese 's report on bananas this is symbolic of globalism
Cette proposition d' amendement a ainsi échoué à peu de voix près .
epas offer the acp the best ever access to eu markets and continue our commitment to provide opportunities for economic development
Et nous en savons un peu plus sur la bioluminescence grâce à Pixar , et je suis très reconnaissante à Pixar pour avoir fait partagé mon sujet préféré avec tant de gens .
Les leviers de commande se trouvent là .
Il travaille comme un dingue .
La Liste de juin souhaite absolument abolir les restitutions à l' exportation de produits agricoles , c' est pourquoi elle a voté en faveur des propositions allant dans ce sens .
the least we must demand is that the issue be investigated and we would therefore ask for the matter to be referred back to committee
it does n't mean that aids is n't a problem it 's a gigantic problem
Le produit fini doit être une directive dépouillée de toute formalité administrative inutile , qui présente des avantages pour les travailleurs , ces derniers jouant un rôle crucial pour la compétitivité européenne .
the primary goal in the work of the council is to establish better coordination to ensure that assistance interventions function more efficiently
Contrairement à ce qui se passe dans des États fédérés comme les États - Unis et l' Allemagne , ce ne sont pas les électeurs qui réglementeraient les institutions et leurs dirigeants .
Au moins huit personnes ont été tuées dans la zone de Kandhamal .
Une autre mobilisation du Fonds européen d' ajustement à la mondialisation a été approuvée , dans ce cas pour la demande émanant de IE / SR Technics en Irlande .
suddenly they found themselves desperately over - extended
there may well be other more effective taxes and indeed experience has taught us that this is the case
J' aimerais ici remercier le Parlement et notamment M. Galeote et M. Corbett pour l' excellent esprit de collaboration dont ils ont fait preuve tout au long des négociations .
with the accession of romania there are now four european union countries that share a border with ukraine and one that shares a border with moldova a state of affairs that can only enhance the european neighbourhood policy
Je me suis rendue à la frontière entre la Tunisie et la Libye début mars .
it also induces us to save and invest as a prerequisite to indulging our love of gambling and as a byproduct of it
Les budgets nationaux sont tout aussi importants que les budgets européens .
Donc -- ceci était l' échauffement .
Le Parlement soutient des intérêts à court terme , plutôt que de favoriser un élevage respectueux des animaux , dans lequel puissent avoir confiance les consommateurs . En agissant de la sorte , il ne rend pas service au secteur .
i 'm not trying to impress anyone
el mr president a difficult year both for mankind and for europe a europe tested on its common currency and cohesion is coming to an end
Bien sûr , les principes économiques ne fonctionnent pas différemment dans différents lieux .
relief agencies agree that the total abolition of child labor is an unrealistic goal
i give the floor to mr happart the first signatory of the motion of censure
« À qui sont ces livres ? » « À Alice . »
in its annual report for 2010 the european commission highlighted the challenges facing europe as a result of the recent economic and financial crisis in terms of equality between men and women
mrs merkel is consenting to a revision of the treaty at a time when no one in this house can predict what will happen in ireland
where the situation becomes slightly more ambiguous is when these ratings are used in banking regulations to determine the amounts of own funds that banks must have in exchange for some of their investments
is it to remove weapons or to remove saddam hussein
human rights are not guaranteed in either country nor are religious or other rights
what i mean by that is that it 's time for architecture to do things again not just represent things
regulation applying a scheme of generalised tariff preferences vote
it does not introduce a separate regime for the institutions - indeed it can not
well one of the things that we 've learned is that if we design these robots to communicate with us using the same body language the same sort of non - verbal cues that people use -- like nexi our humanoid robot is doing here -- what we find is that people respond to robots a lot like they respond to people
do you get the impression that all of our politicians are too old
Sinon , pourquoi pas ?
one change has been introduced that will be appreciated by eco - label users a 50 % reduction in the cost of annual duties for small and medium - sized businesses and for developing countries
Ok , mes trois voeux .
Ce rapport vise à étendre les caractéristiques du SIS au - delà de son champ d' application d' origine .
Ou encore l' exhortation des résultats des élections géorgiennes .
En tout cas , il n’ y aura aucune « division de zones » jusqu’ à ce qu’ Israël soit complètement retiré et que les ruines soient dégagées .
it is a pity that the council of member states did not bear that in mind in considering our report from the temporary committee on extraordinary rendition
Catastrophe humanitaire en Mongolie- B5 - 0191/2001 de MM . Van den Berg et Lage , au nom du groupe PSE , sur la catastrophe humanitaire en Mongolie ;
what is more our community service volunteers carry out forestry operations precisely in order to restore an ecosystem which is in danger of being lost or at any rate spoilt
Avec ces nouvelles règles , les vendeurs auront toujours l' obligation d' afficher clairement le prix total du bien ou service incluant les coûts additionnels .
L’ ajout de certains éléments de flexibilité au pacte apparaît malheureusement inévitable .
i will pass over the problem of financing one to two million when the european union 's budget is ecu 900 million or 1 billion - what am i saying - 100 billion per year the issue is clearly ridiculous
every time you ever hear me on the television or somewhere i 'm ad - libbing
i should like to draw attention to two points first of all it is clear that we are about to abandon the principle of prudence which should be the main principle guiding politicians in the european union
En particulier , nous devons faire tout ce qui est en notre pouvoir pour garantir que le nouveau service soit de la meilleure qualité et que tous lui fassent confiance .
there was an opportunity to table amendments so that the commission 's original draft could be reused
i believe that the rule that has now been devised on limiting ‘ grandfathering ’ avoids that and that our negotiating position is no worse we are simply making it more difficult for those who are already in europe
Au contraire , les différences entre les deux organisations doivent être pleinement prises en considération et leur indépendance doit rester intacte , en particulier en matière de prise de décisions .
Mais d' autres commentaires de M. Poutine , moins familiers des lecteurs occidentaux , évoquent plutôt la “ non viabilité ” du système soviétique .
this is necessary as shown by the findings of the innovation scoreboard
full compliance with european and national legislation on data protection should also be taken into account and adequate procedural guarantees provided
you know cats falling cats do this they twist their bodies
nowadays some of our politicians have embraced the slogan “ georgia for georgians ” but nationalism suggests the lack of a coherent conception of georgia ’s interests
Devenu Secrétaire général , Annan a encouragé le développement de principes qui permettraient d’ établir lorsqu’ il serait justifié pour la communauté internationale d’ intervenir afin d’ éviter des violations flagrantes des droits de l’ homme .
i reject the arguments of those who object to turkey ’s membership on the ground that turkey is not ‘ european ’
Mais leur choix se résume soit à acheter des dollars américains , soit à acheter des produits américains .
but could something like the maastricht process be used to implement structural reform
C' est la confusion !
and it definitely does give a different image of yemen
de mr president i am pleased that the european parliament has succeeded in producing a resolution on the goldstone report that has fairly broad support without simply transferring the conflict in the middle east to brussels
Les Européens portent une responsabilité historique pour les problèmes de cette région .
fr i am pleased to see that the chairwoman of the committee responsible agrees with the analysis of the sittings services
Les tendances démographiques actuelles ont et auront des conséquences sur le financement et l' organisation de la protection sociale .
Il constitue le corps politique le plus haut pour tous les Palestiniens , tant pour ceux qui vivent en Palestine que les réfugiés et d' autres Palestiniens de la diaspora .
L' anglais n' est pas ma langue maternelle .
it is for this very reason that i would also express my surprise that there was no mention of parliament 's position and the dialogue that this house had with the council in a recent council document tabled just yesterday
ladies and gentlemen europe sponsored the road map initiative
J' approuve , en outre , le plan annuel de passation de marchés de l' Agence pour 2009 , qui a largement aidé les unités et les services d' Eurojust dans la gestion de leurs appels d' offres .
but the standard of chicken not only from the far east but also from other parts of the world is seriously questionable
Juste cet exemple qui a lui seul vaut bien des explications .
Je considère que la décision qu’ a prise aujourd’hui l’ Assemblée est tout à fait irresponsable .
Nous avons souscrit des engagements essentiels dans le domaine des droits de l' homme et des minorités , par exemple .
La proposition de règlement présentée par la Commission en vue de sa création est actuellement à l' examen au sein des institutions communautaires .
Il fit semblant de ne pas m' entendre .
Les principes de la morale internationale ont triomphé au Timor oriental .
the sum proposed for 2005 and 2006 of around eur 67 million is particularly low given that enlargement will have taken place
Puis , il a dit " N' ayez jamais peur de donner des coups de pied dans la fourmilière . "
credit has to be given accordingly and we feel that the commission - and the council too which leads the negotiations - must adapt and allow for any such differences
( SV ) Monsieur le Président , Monsieur le Commissaire , Mesdames et Messieurs , nous savons tous que le marché européen de l' énergie est confronté à différents problèmes .
i 'm not the only one who 's obsessed with this whole 30-year thing
Il s’ agit de coordonner l’ aide opérationnelle , ce qui est la tâche principale des Nations unies .
he has received death threats and been assaulted imprisoned beaten and tortured
mr president the whole report concerns the very basis of all work on gender equality namely the right and the opportunity to earn one ’s own living
however legislation becomes significant not when it is approved on paper but when it is implemented in practice
Nous avons une nouvelle fois établi le principe selon lequel la force de l' Europe repose sur une action concertée .
Ce que nous aurons finalement réussi , la grande récompense , c' est un statut unique pour les députés .
thus it is very important to talk mainly about healthy eating and not about whether a person is too fat
L’ Europe a promis la paix et la démocratie , et la paix et la démocratie ont été données à tous .
the gaps are most obvious where people from different countries work together as in many multinational companies
de mr president mr vice - president of the commission ladies and gentlemen when it comes to the issue of airport capacity we have to distinguish between two issues
À cette fin , le nouveau tachygraphe qui entrera en fonction à partir de l' an 2000 fournira une bonne base de travail .
Le Liban est trop vulnérable aux pressions de la Syrie et de l’ Iran , qui ne tiennent pas à voir leurs interlocuteurs locaux soulager Israël du fardeau d’ un « front libanais » avant de régler leurs propres griefs .
C' est bon marché , n' est -ce pas ?
Ces hausses de prix seront répercutées sur les prix à la consommation mais dans une moindre mesure .
Avec certains autres députés , je voterai sur les amendements en tenant compte de cet objectif .
over the last four years the institutions budget has increased by almost 18 % chiefly as a result of enlargement
the european union has territorial waters greater than its entire territory with 1 200 ports and 90 % of its exports are transported by sea
En fait , vous prenez un objet quelconque enduit de jus de figue et les fourmis vont le ramener au nid .
we will be attending many of your committee meetings and my hope - and indeed my certainty - is that we will cooperate closely with you on advancing the many technical dossiers which provide the foundation of european economic integration
Considérez un instant la pression qui verra le jour quand nous commencerons vraiment à cultiver du carburant plutôt que des aliments .
i think it is only fair to clarify this here
even peru 's most important newspaper el comercio recently suggested that toledo resign leaving his first minister and cabinet to run the government
it 's a very early video so we have n't yet dealt with the overlap and all of that but that got refined pretty soon later
Les gens perdent leur emploi .
mr president in my own country sweden a priest proposed yesterday that in order to avoid war someone should be paid to kill saddam hussein
Alors que Wall Street était en train de s’ effondrer , il maintenait que les fondamentaux de l’ économie américaine étaient encore solides .
indeed the us and europe often acted to undermine regional integration which they believed would limit their roles as power brokers
Je restai debout tout le temps .
it 's learning skills -- like being in a high - speed car crash
president barroso promised in 2004 that he would do something significant to deal with this difficulty but it has not happened yet
Le succès de la stratégie de Lisbonne dépend de la capacité des États membres à orienter leurs politiques dans le sens voulu par elle et à y associer le plus largement possible la population de l’ Europe .
– mr president ladies and gentlemen i should first like to thank mr pittella for his outstanding work throughout the 2006 budgetary procedure
Reste encore aux États membres d' entamer un lourd travail de classement dans le cadre de référence que constitue le CEC , sinon le CEC sera condamné à rester une " coquille vide " .
Donc ce que vous avez c' est un individu , géant , connecté et génétiquement identique qui vit depuis 80 000 ans .
On dit que " Hamlet " est la pièce la plus intéressante qui ait jamais été écrite .
Maintenant , qui remercier pour le succès ?
Mais ce renouveau de l’ idéalisme est tout autant le produit de la peur que de l’ espoir .
La demande américaine en pétrole a baissé de 8 % , puisque les consommateurs se serrent la ceinture , et la demande chinoise en électricité , de 10 % , puisque les industries grandes consommatrices d' énergie diminuent leur production .
Si la codécision n’ est pas un terme vide de sens , il faudra revoir le processus d’ élaboration des projets spécifiques .
this was and is the basic precondition for the implementation of the objectives
far from having too much math economists need more in order to “ keep the logic straight ”
for instance i would have liked mention to have been made of the fate of mustapha salma the polisario front dissident kidnapped for having dared to call for dialogue
according to eu figures 1.7 million european migrants came to the uk last year nearly double the number five years ago
we have a lot of interesting information about what complexity is
De manière traditionnelle , les Japonais gardent un profil bas .
C’ est une réussite pour l’ Europe , pour les « anciens » États membres comme pour les nouveaux .
Partant , je suis favorable à une communication de la Commission qui ouvre un débat beaucoup plus large avec le Parlement et la société européenne et ne soit pas une simple liste de projets dressée par les gouvernements nationaux .
Mais , je m' empresse de l' ajouter , à voir les titres des propositions et les exposés qui suivent , tous les titres ne correspondent pas au corps du texte .
i might add that is why the commission and more specifically mr de gucht obtained permission from our partners in these negotiations to make public all the texts from the negotiations
Par ailleurs , nous avons besoin d’ un mécanisme correcteur pour les cas où un système judiciaire national ne satisferait pas aux normes minimales .
Ce que nous avons pour l' instant n' est qu' un simple ajustement .
Je vais essayer de répondre à quelques - unes des questions , sans avoir la prétention de répondre à toutes .
he gives half of them vitamin b12
Il n’ en reste pas moins que l’ Inde doit se doter de nouvelles lois – directes et applicables – qui pénalisent les pratiques culturelles encourageant les traditions destructrices .
it must also be fully backed by the united nations security council
Pour la Grèce , cependant , la question du nom n' est pas simplement un problème historique , psychologique ou émotionnel .
Par le biais de la présidence , je vous le dis , Monsieur le Ministre : ce Parlement a demandé que des propositions soient présentées .
Quand le papier a brûlé , pour une raison quelconque , il s' est tourné vers moi , et il a dit , " Mashelkar , comme ça , si vous ne diffusez pas vos énergies , si vous vous concentrez vos énergies , vous pouvez accomplir n' importe quoi dans le monde . " Cela m' a donné un grand message : concentrez - vous et vous pouvez réaliser .
if it rains he wo n't come
i have weak sight
before july 's protests they hoped that hong kong would provide so attractive an example of the idea of ` ` one country two systems that taiwan would be lured into accepting the sovereignty of the government in beijing
some people believe that banning it is a panacea while others believe that in a free and liberal world it should be allowed
C' est donc avec plaisir que nous prenons note des progrès réalisés concernant les pays des Balkans occidentaux et la Turquie , ainsi que la candidature d' adhésion de l' Islande .
Malcolm McLean devait déménager dans un autre pays et se demandait pourquoi ces gars mettaient du temps à charger les caisses à bord du bateau .
you need only look at the map and see the distances they travel
. - Monsieur le Président , la commission des pétitions a reçu la signature d’ un million de femmes britanniques .
could somebody please reply to that
Toutefois , elle a déjà signé un accord politique étendu avec la région de l' ANASE .
i would like to express the commission 's sympathy and support for the local population affected by the storms
Je parle sérieusement , Monsieur le Président , je ne fais qu' exprimer , à ma manière habituelle , les motifs pour lesquels j' ai voté pour le rapport .
Situation au Nigéria et en Birmanie - Commission des Droits de l' homme des Nations unies
Deux réponses ? Il pourrait y avoir une troisième alternative .
J' accueille avec plaisir le Livre vert de la Commission sur l' aide au développement .
Il y a quelques années , nous avons éliminé la possibilité de venir en aide aux personnes victimes de telles catastrophes dans l' Union européenne .
in any event the commission acknowledges that the amendments to the original proposals are unquestionably important they have the support of the council and parliament and they do not alter the substance of our original proposals
such dialogue is vital if myanmar is to be prevented from possibly pursuing nuclear weapons and rigging elections à la iran
Si l' ouverture des frontières n' est pas réalisable politiquement aujourd'hui , ils devraient au moins créer une procédure légale pour permettre aux habitants des pays en développement de venir travailler .
on a positive note though member states that have for the protection of their environment already put legislation in place that is stricter than this regulation will not be hindered in enforcing it
Toutefois , cette convention ne s' appliquera pas aux navires de guerre ni aux navires appartenant à l' État ni au service de celui - ci .
Dans sa proposition de directive , la Commission européenne propose des plafonds nationaux quantifiés à atteindre d' ici 2010 pour les quatre substances polluantes dont il est question .
the council has not delivered an opinion despite the fact that most citizens agree on the need to establish more equitable conditions for car buying within the european union
Et il a dit , " Vous savez , je pensais à ce type tout à l' heure , il y a quelques minutes pendant que vous parliez .
De même , certains pays tels que la Turquie et l’ Ukraine ont réajusté leurs politiques du fait de leur attraction pour l’ Europe .
Il peut encore faire valoir sa position au sein de la Commission à l' égard des États membres .
what 's the name of the party you 're calling
Ils avaient de mauvaises notes . Certains avaient quitté l' école .
no objection was raised by the french back in may when the international veterinary organisation adopted less rigorous conditions than those foreseen by the date - base export scheme
Les chants et les cloches de Noël , les crèches , sont encore au cœur des festivités de l’ hiver , tout autant que la boulimie consommatrice .
i should also like to refer to the monitoring directive and the use of the black box
Nous ne pouvons dès lors priver les utilisateurs de la possibilité de recourir , en cas de besoin , à des produits phytopharmaceutiques .
until now the president has toed a hard line on iraq on lebanon and in domestic affairs
Et j' ai dit , " Et bien , ils ne le détestent pas tous . "
there is no justification for why the railways in particular should be shackled and why there should not be a single network and free competition at european level
we are in a situation in which the agenda 2000 reform has been adopted and international trade negotiations are drawing closer
this is why i and my group refuse to place ourselves in the awkward position of saying that we are for the us or against the us
it is also unreliable slow and inconsistent
Il précise également à l' attention des institutions que l' Union devra être partie à la Convention européenne de sauvegarde des droits de l' homme .
they intuitively sense that they can no longer rely only on the absolute security guarantee represented by the united states ’ combination of active and passive support
J' ai étudié toutes les nouveautés des panneaux solaires , et j' essayais de trouver une voie dans laquelle on pourrait innover de façon à produire des panneaux solaires à des coûts bien plus bas .
Bien qu' une directive sur les installations de récupération du pétrole ait été adoptée , il n' y a eu aucune réduction des déversements délibérés de pétrole .
just as in 1968 it has not hesitated to send in tanks to achieve its political goals
Nous devons rechercher d' urgence des solutions à ce véritable problème majeur de santé publique .
La Syrie a également tendance à fomenter des troubles au Liban , un pays que la Syrie considère comme à peine souverain et toujours dans sa sphère d' influence .
Madame la Commissaire , nos institutions doivent montrer l’ exemple pour ce qui est de l’ application de ces droits .
in the union member states have not yet ratified our decision on money laundering or the framework directive on terrorism
we have partners it 's not hard to guess google would be one the others are all playing to pending
La Commission continue à faire très vigoureusement pression pour que le parquet financier européen soit entériné dans la nouvelle Constitution . Nous proposons dès lors de présenter un livre blanc .
Je me félicite que Mme la commissaire ait également mentionné l' année européenne des personnes handicapées .
Enfin , ce rapport ne contient aucune disposition visant à mettre en place des mécanismes destinés à faire face au changement climatique , lequel a un impact direct sur les agriculteurs européens .
Elle met l' accent sur nos différences plutôt que sur nos ressemblances .
social partners should be sufficiently representative
there are so many things you could do you could pay for uniforms you could eliminate fees you could build latrines you could give girls sanitary pads etc etc
De plus , je voudrais remercier la commission de la pêche et , en particulier , M. Gklavakis , pour son approche extrêmement constructive à l' égard de cette question importante .
that is the first point
now i shall be watching you from the vantage point of my national parliament
Live Trade , peut - être ?
tolerating them as was done until recently is increasingly dangerous
Nous achèverons notre première lecture avant l' été .
Et tout cela avec pour seule contrepartie une pression très forte sur une libéralisation des services et des produits manufacturés qui met en péril des économies extrêmement fragiles .
we had individual meetings with all the party leaders
Pour vous inspirer , allez à un de nos festivals , sur le web , laissez - nous un message .
Je suppose que le Parlement en discutera lors de sa prochaine session .
À Mme Grossetête , je peux dire que les droits de participation du Parlement seront évidemment maintenus .
i have great respect for his vision and commitment to making globalisation work and reducing global disparities
it is not financially nimble it is often captured by the regulated and when economic times are good no official wants to spoil the party
Nous n' entendons plus rien de cela . Où est-il passé ?
À cet égard , je suis ravi que ma ville de Graz vienne d' être désignée capitale culturelle de l' Europe pour 2003 .
in 1997 china promised to preserve these freedoms for 50 years under the one county two systems mantra
Bien évidemment , le Moyen - Orient est loin d’ être un quartier tranquille .
Ceux - ci sont eux aussi les victimes de la folie de Clinton qui appuie l' UCK , laquelle , il ne faut pas l' oublier , est une organisation communiste et terroriste comme le PKK kurde .
liu ’s prize is a rebuke to the regime because it rejects the dogma that nothing but the pursuit of economic interest matters
i wish you could have come with me
Madame le Président , chers collègues , Madame le Commissaire , je voudrais citer en exemple la manière dont le Conseil de ministres et le Parlement ont ici collaboré .
Voix off : Mesdames et messieurs , la création de la vie .
with the conclusions of last year 's european council the european union became a global leader with increased credibility and much stronger influence
we could n't bring one here to fly it and show you
Ces votes , Mesdames et Messieurs de l' Europe , ceux pour le budget du Parlement et ceux pour la décharge du Conseil , sont représentatifs de l' éthique des institutions qui ont pour vocation de nous gouverner tous .
commissioner you mentioned among the top priorities the thematic subjects energy and climate change
how could we justify to the public the fact that we are campaigning for more rights for parliament although we are saying that we do not want to make any decisions and instead want simply to give carte blanche
martin rapaport chairman of the group has called for free access to the diamond fields by non - governmental organizations and industry representatives to monitor the human rights situation
( EN ) Madame la Présidente , les élections récentes en Ukraine ont montré que ce pays est une démocratie qui fonctionne .
L' on peut très bien être responsable sans avoir commis de faute .
first of all i should like to distance myself quite categorically from the questions about the 1 % approach put by among others mrs dührkop dührkop and mrs buitenweg who was delighted that this approach would be abandoned
i was having lunch with him just a few minutes ago and a nigerian journalist comes -- and this will only make sense if you 've ever watched a james bond movie -- and a nigerian journalist comes up to him and goes aha we meet again mr bond
2 communication entitled improving competences for the 21st century an agenda for european cooperation on schools
but the family is also a european and a global phenomenon so why should european policymakers not concern themselves with the family and why should there not be a special interest in the protection of children at european level
Même si elle a tenu compte du temps écoulé , des procédures de retrait , etc. , cette décision est allée trop loin .
Monsieur le Président , je tiens à remercier tous ceux qui ont pris part à la préparation de ce rapport .
Où ont - elles appris ça ?
Cette réduction nuira à une cohésion économique et sociale efficace , à une véritable convergence et à l’ effet de redistribution du budget communautaire .
in writing - pl i support this report and mrs van lancker 's view that the common social objectives of the member states should be better reflected in the lisbon agenda
mr president i should like to begin by thanking mrs hautala for the huge amount of work she has done on this report and also the commission for having made an active contribution to its success
La tolérance et la liberté religieuse doivent être mutuelles .
Cette formulation différente va plus loin .
En effet , le protectionnisme ne peut rien faire pour réduire le déficit commercial américain et éponger le chômage national .
pearl jam 96 albums released in the last two years
Je la veux parce que ça veut dire qu' ils sont plus cool que moi , et j’ en ai besoin .
phonograph records an early example of information technology created musical superstars who sell their services to millions of people putting out of business countless local performers who found their talents obsolete
it is important to prevent and to inform those working in hospitals about the risks they run
Notre priorité est l' élargissement .
jeans go with everything
Permettez - moi à présent , avant de détailler les objectifs de la présidence espagnole , de parler du slogan qu' elle a choisi pour ce semestre qui est , comme vous le savez , " Plus d' Europe " , vers l' intérieur et l' extérieur .
Lors des bombardements sur l' Irak ou l' ex - Yougoslavie , les grandes puissances nous ont parlé des droits de l' homme .
Nous appelons à la transparence , à la diminution des activités illégales , à la prise de responsabilités et à l' évaluation de ces agences par des organismes indépendants qui garantissent leur impartialité et l' application rigoureuse de la réglementation .
Un quart du gaz se trouve en Russie et un autre quart dans des régions moins stables , en Iran et au Qatar .
Le sommet de Stockholm se proposera de regrouper en un seul volet l' action en faveur de l' emploi , la politique sociale , le développement de la connaissance et la politique économique .
Nous devons réfléchir aux façons de permettre aux habitants du monde en développement de prendre en charge leur propre développement , par exemple , et nous devons en particulier promouvoir la propriété foncière pour les personnes , les familles et les communautés .
the important thing it seems to me is above all else the willingness to close the darkest chapters of our common history so as to be able to construct a new relationship based on mutual respect solidarity and partnership
L’ hypothèse évidente pour expliquer pourquoi la reprise américaine actuelle – comme les deux dernières – s’ est opérée à un rythme ralenti est que la rapidité avec laquelle s’ opère n’ importe quelle reprise est liée à ce qui a causé le repli .
Notre Parlement a été consulté en même temps que le Conseil et les négociations ont été menées en parallèle , ce qui a contraint notre rapporteur à faire preuve de souplesse concernant l’ adoption de notre projet de rapport .
Si Israël est accusé à tort , son nom doit être lavé , mais s' il a réellement commis ces crimes , il doit assumer ses responsabilités .
Et parmi les résultats établis il y avait la révélation surprenante que , en fait , nous étions en train de perdre du capital naturel -- les bénéfices qui nous proviennent de la nature .
get out or come in
Nous partageons la vision d’ une industrie des fonds efficace et innovatrice , en symbiose avec les besoins de sa base traditionnelle d’ investisseurs finals .
Si M. Barroso veut obtenir la confiance du parti des socialistes européens , nous lui recommandons d’ adopter une autre attitude à l’ égard du Parlement .
what is happening now in tunisia
Nous trouverons une nouvelle marge de financement grâce au développement économique dans les pays de l' Europe centrale et orientale .
it 's a great place for parties -- it was it was only up for six weeks it 's got little dressing rooms and cabanas where lots of interesting things went on all summer long
Les prix en Europe orientale et occidentale devront peu à peu se couler dans un même moule , ce qui veut donc dire que , dans notre partie de l' Europe , les prix devront baisser .
one is reciprocity and associated with it is a sense of justice and a sense of fairness
the swoboda report is a technical - financial report that follows logically from the helsinki conclusions
Je pensais que tu avais changé .
Par ailleurs , il est curieux que les normes proposées par la Commission pour l' an 2005 ne s' appliquent qu' à l' industrie automobile .
Par ailleurs , les priorités européennes en termes d' infrastructures pour le XXIe siècle justifient le recours aux innovations techniques de tous types , comme les systèmes de transport intelligents , qui commencent à se populariser .
i am looking forward to what is called a full and frank exchange with parliament on those issues
Et je pense beaucoup aux petites et moyennes entreprises au niveau de l' emploi dans nos pays et dans nos régions .
Les détails de l’ acte de candidature ne sont pas encore entièrement connus et la démarche comporte des risques sérieux .
Il ne faut plus s' attarder sur les compétences du Parlement .
the eu also exacerbates the problem of people trafficking
Nous estimons qu' il y a lieu de mettre l' accent sur les aspects sociaux forcément sous-jacents à la problématique en question .
you pull out your far superior gun
Je me réjouis que ce sujet ait été abordé .
why does the european parliament keep addressing the subject of zimbabwe
C' est une question que je pense que nous devons tous nous poser , qui est de savoir pourquoi nous avons pensé que la responsabilité incombait à cet individu ici .
simply put it is far from clear that marginal infrastructure projects are worth building given that china is already investing more than 45 % of its income much of it in infrastructure
- Monsieur le Président , la phrase de M. Poettering sur sa préoccupation selon laquelle cet élargissement pourrait s’ avérer fatal perce ce débat avec la clarté d’ un rayon laser .
Le règlement doit être respecté .
( SK ) Je suis en faveur d' un compromis raisonnable qui trouverait un équilibre entre santé et protection de l' environnement d' une part , et production agricole de l' autre .
while we do have a huge problem with saturated fats why do we have to put up with the additional problem of trans - fats as well
we have identified a second problem - and it has already been mentioned today - namely the issue of deforestation
the committee on the environment specifically proposes the following
Aussi voudrais - je souligner que dans ces conditions on ne peut , à mon avis , prendre aujourd'hui de décision sur le rapport Funk .
Je suis mon propre employeur .
that bicycle belongs to our school
Je me réjouis néanmoins que nous soyons parvenus , sur une série de questions cruciales , à trouver des solutions qui répondent idéalement aux besoins des consommateurs , tout en tenant compte des réalités de la vie des entreprises .
Quatorze chapitres sont bloqués parce que la Turquie refuse obstinément d' étendre le protocole d' Ankara .
En ce qui concerne les décharges existantes , la Commission a lancé une enquête et a demandé aux autorités italiennes de lui soumettre un rapport sur le fonctionnement des décharges de Terziano et de Ciccianio .
finally the draftsman has also urged us to ensure that there is in future regular disclosure of the budget lines for palestine so that it can be ascertained from the outset where the money is going
president evo morales ’s rise to power was inspired by historic discrimination against the indigenous majority with the coca leaf as an emblem of an ancestral grudge
Une révolution similaire dans la capacité de communications des données a suivi une trajectoire semblable à la révolution dans le traitement des données .
Il faut la volonté politique nécessaire pour reconnaître les besoins du personnel de santé et les prendre en considération .
ca n't you move faster
Votre sécurité est essentielle à nos yeux .
it is our duty not the european commission 's duty to send out a strong political message
how careful must mrs fischer boel be if she is not to take the wrong decisions
she wiped him out of her memory
En football , une bonne équipe affublée d' un piètre entraîneur n' atteindrait jamais la tête du championnat .
Même ceux qui ne se sont pas suicidés semblent avoir été détruits par leur talent .
Bien sûr , le Hezbollah est encore respecté , même si de mauvaise grâce , pour sa capacité à résister contre Israël .
Je n' en mentionnerai que quelques uns .
lech wałęsa ’s journey to ukraine on a mission of solidarity was proof of this
Par ailleurs , depuis 1993 , les pays participant au régime d' importation ont bénéficié d' immenses avantages et ont eu le temps depuis lors de se préparer et de développer leur propre production bananière .
L' UE s' est fixé l' objectif de devenir , d' ici à 2010 , l' économie de la connaissance la plus compétitive et la plus dynamique du monde .
now the real genius of the astrolabe is not just the projection
C’ est pour cette raison que tous les pays ont un système de brevets .
i am pleased that we have made progress on the un convention on disabled people ’s rights
but we 're also trying to make them self - sustaining clinics so that people pay for some other aspects
Dans beaucoup d' États membres , ces travailleurs à temps partiels ne jouissent pas des mêmes droits que leurs homologues à temps plein .
Nous déplorons , évidemment , la situation actuelle en Chine .
for its part mrs klamt 's report sets out to define the entry conditions for highly qualified nationals on to european soil and this is something we absolutely need
and they will continue to influence the world through the excitement of their literature movies and music
Nous voulons une définition plus simple et plus sûre du système fiscal que celle fournie par la Commission .
however it does not fall within the remit of this debate
Mais regardez , la baisse du taux en Suède ne fut pas rapide .
i think it would greatly enhance the credibility of the european union if it were to take specific action
we spend 200 billion dollars a year on diet - related illness today
Je dois vous inviter à poser cette question à la Commission .
the short answer is actually they 're from japan
Assurément , il s' agit là d' un bon exemple de l' utilisation que nous pouvons faire des nouvelles dispositions du traité de Lisbonne et des nouvelles possibilités qu' il offre afin de donner aux citoyens une voix plus forte et davantage d' influence .
J' ai lu un livre en mangeant .
Il y a quelques jours , ma copine Sophie a déménagé d' Edmonton , en Alberta , vers Victoria , en Colombie - Britannique .
it can be compiled into this -- into zeros and ones -- and pronounced by a computer
a six - month extension of patent protection as an incentive for pharmaceutical manufacturers is reasonable
Il y a peu , l' Iran avait rejeté sans grande cérémonie une proposition similaire faite par la Russie .
La panne du système , qui pourrait mener à une situation chaotique , constitue un autre risque pour les zones importantes comme Londres ou d' autres grandes villes .
Ce jeune homme aime beaucoup le vélo .
La mobilisation des organisations non gouvernementales a porté le projet de cour de la Commission de droit international dans la rue , projet qui s' est transformé en une exigence inévitable .
Ce droit existait bien pour les citoyens européens , mais pas pour les citoyens originaires de pays tiers bien qu' ils fussent inscrits aux registres de la population dans l' Union européenne .
there is a second
Dans la proposition de résolution , toutes les exonérations pour l' aviation de plaisance intérieure sont supprimées . A juste titre .
Seule une personne croyant que le monde est composé de « races » bien définies , arrangées en une hiérarchie bien ordonnée et occupant le sommet de la chaîne alimentaire pourrait imaginer une telle horreur .
Tous ces accords seront finalisés , une fois que le Parlement européen aura rendu son avis .
even children can read this book
Vous n' êtes pas autorisé à manger ceux - là .
and so we edited the footage that was shot on location with the rest of the cast and the body actors and about six months later we brought brad onto a sound stage in los angeles and he watched on the screen
our support is not a support in principle
J' irais même jusqu' à dire que ce serait une impasse .
Il n' apprend pas l' anglais en ce moment .
Vous savez , quand Andy Grove a cessé d' être PDG d' Intel , et Andy était l' un de mes mentors , une sacré personnalité ,
Et en ce qui concerne la Géorgie , c' est pareil .
unless we get rid of this we are never going to get the talks going
De la même manière , à l' avenir , nous devrons garantir de ne pas commencer à appliquer un système du même genre dans d' autres domaines de la production agricole .
Certains éléments fortement inspirés des premiers temps se dissimulent dans le mode de rémunération alors qu' ils ne sont plus valables aujourd'hui .
this is what you can do with some household tinfoil
italy is one of these countries but it is important to establish a commitment by europe per se to the iraqi people its needs and requirements
i bought many cloths
Bien sûr , Monsieur le Président , l' honorable parlementaire me demande si des mesures sont envisagées à court terme pour améliorer le fonctionnement du marché intérieur .
when does the council intend to remove the people 's mujahedeen from the list of terrorist organisations
La Grèce est le pays où les redevances téléphoniques sont les plus élevées .
Elles doivent permettre de traiter simultanément le problème de la dette souveraine et celui du système bancaire , tout en réduisant les écarts de compétitivité .
over 150 people died over 1 200 were wounded and there were numerous cases of rape
as a result the imf must increasingly share responsibility and blame for argentina 's havoc
as today ’s financial crisis has made many western assets cheap they are now within reach of russia ’s government and leading russian companies
even with the backdrop of the economic and financial crisis today health is our ultimate wealth
most vitamins and minerals have a clear nutritional function other ingredients commonly included in supplements are not nutrients and do not therefore have a nutritional function but do have physiological function
Je tiens à apporter mon soutien aux propos tenus par mon collègue .
L' apprentissage au cours de la petite enfance est extrêmement important pour le développement de l' enfant et est essentiel à la création d' une société stable et d' une économie dynamique .
here too i want to underline what you said the european union is indeed not a supermarket
Par contre , elle peut servir de modèle , tant à l’ intérieur qu’ à l’ extérieur de ses frontières .
what worries me most is that this speech goes against the palestinian authority
in 1895 lord kelvin declared that heavier - than - air flying machines were impossible
he does n't know how to play golf
following advice from parliament ’s legal service we have deleted from the report all specific references to the olaf report
sit at the table
Je suis légèrement préoccupée que la conclusion du commissaire soit si catégorique en ce qui regarde le lien avec le mouton et si peu catégorique en ce qui a trait au lien dans le cas de la viande bovine .
david s. rose people you that 's it -- you are the person
to tackle this it is necessary to make information on aids and its prevention into an integral part of basic health care
Il faut éviter que la transposition des mesures de la CGPM ne devienne une version moderne du mythe de Sisyphe .
Il est évident que les conséquences de la répression exercée par les dictatures communistes en Roumanie et en Bulgarie et de la misère que celles - ci ont engendrée ne peuvent pas être balayées d’ un simple revers de la main .
however i certainly can not accept that anyone - be it a member of my own group or one of the other groups - should take the moral high ground and accuse others of having unworthy intentions
i am well aware that for some members there was perhaps a problem but quite honestly i can not take the vote again
Qui paiera ?
Le système de vérification est efficace et permet , avec une grande fiabilité , le contrôle du respect du traité .
Au vu des politiques gouvernementales , nous devrions nous attendre à des facteurs de croissance domestique endogènes renforcés petit à petit dans les économies émergentes , une croissance bien ancrée dans une classe moyenne en expansion .
et que l' appareil photo puisse mentir . Ceci rend très , très facile un bombardement massif d' images pour raconter des contre-vérités .
there are sectors in which we can not make savings
Je rappelle au Parlement que c' est sous cette Présidence que l' Union européenne a décidé de fermer plusieurs chantiers navals polonais .
we need to do everything we can to prevent the brutal oppression that they are suffering which includes cancelling the paralysing common position
- Monsieur le Président , à l’ instar de notre groupe , la délégation socialiste belge votera pour ce rapport , qui apporte son soutien à un texte qui constitue une étape importante sur le chemin de la construction européenne .
La question n’ est pas vaine , c’ est une question que je me pose et que nous nous posons tous .
for us it is obvious that visa liberalisation has nothing to do with jobs and the right of abode but this does not seem to be clear to the people in question
i 'm watching you
furthermore the eu institutions should increase cooperation with international organisations in the area of the protection of human rights
En réfléchissant à cette question , vous pensez peut - être au premier jour d' école maternelle , ou à la crèche , à la première fois qu' un enfant est en classe avec un enseignant .
american democrats say that president bush 's policies have squandered america 's attractiveness
Nous en tant que diplomates avons besoin de comprendre le capital social des communautés .
let 's do something different this afternoon
here we are still saying nothing though
.i vote against a european parliament resolution on the procedures of ratification of the treaty establishing a constitution for europe and a communication strategy for the said treaty no b6 - 0067|2004
Je souhaite la bienvenue à la vice-présidente de la Commission et haute représentante de l' Union pour les affaires étrangères et la politique de sécurité .
as a result elaborate systems of laws are needed to ensure that competition is open and fair that monopolies and trusts do not destroy competition itself
they sank ten enemy ships
J' espère que cela se reflétera dans le vote de demain .
we only talk about one side of it
Il est trop tôt pour nous reposer sur nos lauriers . Dans le même temps , l' Union européenne doit faire preuve d' équité .
Je me réjouis aussi des budgets supplémentaires prévus pour trois projets pilotes .
Dans mon métier , c' est beaucoup de travail ,
only by combining transparency the involvement of the public and official extensive means
A présent nous mettons en place un plan de relance .
La Corée du Nord est un état économiquement en faillite , un fait que Kim Jong - il et ses partisans semblent accepter .
and then again the final shot
Je ne soutiens pas cette directive sous sa forme actuelle car elle nécessite une révision radicale .
my group includes a lawyer who defended victims of the franco regime and another member who was a victim himself having been tortured in the dungeons of the secret police
officials evidently decided that it is better to flirt with and control public passion than allow it to erupt on its own
Les mesures proposées se concentrent essentiellement sur la réduction de l' effort de pêche , sur la surcapacité et sur la modernisation et la transformation des navires dans l' optique de résoudre la question de la dépendance à l' égard des carburants .
they supported his right to speak freely
La récompense devrait me revenir !
Je n' aborde pas le sujet de la qualité et des améliorations techniques disponibles parce que je pense que nous renégocierons cette directive .
J' ai fait des propositions quant aux frais de voyage .
Comme ce rapport soulève avec raison , l' âge avancé de plusieurs navires et la détérioration rapide des normes de maintenance font qu' il devient plus difficile de maintenir le niveau des normes de sécurité .
now i want you to be aware that in a moment when i snap my fingers your eyes will open again
let us hope it will be resolved by political means although that is not at all certain
Le Parlement européen ne reste pas silencieux , et il ne reste pas inactif en Biélorussie .
this is niles eldredge he was the co - developer with stephen jay gould of the theory of punctuated equilibrium
berkeley – when the european central bank announced its program of government - bond purchases it let financial markets know that it thoroughly disliked the idea was not fully committed to it and would reverse the policy as soon as it could
L' exonération fiscale allouée à la navigation aérienne , qui permet aux compagnies aériennes de mettre à genoux le transport ferroviaire international , subsiste également .
Je fais ici référence à la loi sur les contrats d' emploi , qui suscite actuellement la controverse dans mon pays , l' Estonie .
Ce qui a entrainé Nasser à un rapprochement progressif de l’ Égypte du côté de l’ Union Soviétique , et à terme , à l’ échec de son ambition d’ unir les intérêts arabes .
it 's a horrific story someone took a bottle of tylenol put poison in it closed it up put it back on the shelf
Aussi y a -t -il peut - être là des leçons à tirer de cette expérience qui puissent être appliquée à l’ Irak .
the commission welcomes the commitment of the european parliament to proceed with the negotiations on the asylum procedures directive
Le rapport de notre collègue va dans ce sens : pour une intégration sociale de l' Europe , pour la mise en commun de nos acquis , vers le développement d' une citoyenneté axée sur le social et la solidarité .
Nous nous employons toujours à fournir autant d' informations que possible au public .
Monsieur le Président , il est évident que les circonstances dans lesquelles on discute des politiques de l' emploi sont différentes de celles des années antérieures .
Où te rends - tu ?
Lorsque je regarde cet accord global , j' ai l' impression que ce genre de proposition a plutôt tendance , d' habitude , à émaner de la commission de l' industrie , de la recherche et de l' énergie .
Walter Eugen , qui a inspiré ce modèle , faisait remarquer , dès les années 50 , que l' activité économique de l' État devait être axée sur la conception de systèmes de réglementation de l' économie et non sur la gestion des processus économiques .
despite ongoing tensions the turkish government has been eager to mend relations with america as it is anxious to have some influence over developments in iraq
madam president i am grateful to you and to parliament for asking me to speak today on hong kong
lastly one final thought about the carpet the carpet is a useful accessory and does us a service people can even wipe their feet on it
Ces cinq cadres ont exercé plus d’ actions au cours des années qui ont précédé la chute de leur entreprise que ce qu’ ils avaient en leur possession lorsque le désastre s’ est abattu en 2008 .
Mais Rivero est trop intelligent pour ça .
Je partage l' avis du Conseil selon lequel nous devons renforcer nos relations transatlantiques .
money rules the world
all interested parties will have to be satisfied and have an adequate role within the limits of the treaty
L’ une de ces mesures , par exemple , est l’ enquête anti-dumping en cours sur les chaussures .
Notre offre d' accès en totale franchise de droit et sans restriction quantitative laisse une grande marge de manœuvre pour protéger les pays ACP et ouvrir leurs marchés d' une manière très asymétrique .
L’ Europe a beaucoup à offrir .
– mr president commissioner rapporteur thank you for the dynamism you have injected into your work
so i thought well they like to play games i 'll make something -- i did n't say interactive we did n't have that term in 1978 -- but something interactive
she acts mysterious
C' est précisément cette utilisation étrange de la langue qui crée une distance entre l' Union et ses citoyens et qui en fait une machine bureaucratique inintelligible et isolée .
several speakers have referred to the fact that the per capita income is extremely low in this country and child labour is a sign of this and must be considered accordingly
i 've come across some other just kind of curious relationships of bollards on the street that have different interpretations but -- these things amuse me
today i looked at a briefing from an ngo which said that it was weary of congratulating institutions
none of us have been given any say any referendum or any consultation whatsoever on whether we wish or do not wish to become european citizens
and so we 're going to be on our own journey today from wheat to eat and in a few minutes we will try this and see if we have succeeded in fulfilling this baker 's mission of pulling out flavor
Il ne faut pas confondre la question de la sécurité en ligne avec les obligations juridiques en matière de TVA .
baroness ashton you are quite right to be concerned because the situation in afghanistan is extremely severe particularly from the viewpoint of human rights
BRUXELLES - De nombreux sommets sont prévus cette année , mais le sommet mondial sur la sécurité alimentaire mérite une attention particulière .
Pour ces raisons , je serais personnellement heureux s' il était possible d' en discuter une nouvelle fois en commission , de sorte que nous trouvions une solution raisonnable dans cette affaire .
the forthcoming eu - us summit in june is vital
C' était une parfaite introduction .
this is a possibility that i worry a little bit more about because if it 's us that 's messed up it 's not actually clear how we go about dealing with it
Mais le ganglion sentinelle , la façon dont nous le faisons aujourd'hui , c' est un peu comme avoir une feuille de route rien que pour savoir où aller .
yesterday at the invitation of the s&d group jeremy rifkin was in brussels and he clearly set out a new economic vision
Monsieur le Président , Madame la Commissaire , chers collègues , le rapport Ferrer est consacré à la communication de la Commission concernant la complémentarité des politiques de la Communauté et des États membres dans le domaine de la coopération au développement .
Leurs droits humains ne sont pas reconnus parce que les États - Unis ont décidé qu’ ils se trouvaient dans un , mais ce territoire appartient aux États - Unis , il se trouve sur le territoire de Cuba et Cuba est un pays souverain .
Parallèlement , cette proposition de résolution rencontre les objectifs de conformité avec la législation et de renforcement en matière de sécurité , en particulier dans le domaine de la lutte contre le terrorisme .
Je suis sûr que d’ ici la fin de l’ année , ou pour le début de l’ année prochaine , nous serons également parvenus à un accord important en vue d’ ouvrir le marché aux services .
Elle lui conseilla de faire davantage d' exercice .
in short they fear that all of the sacrifices made for price stability will have been in vain
Cet individu pensait qu' il avait affaire à quelque chose d' intelligent , mais bien sûr nous avions juste écrit ce programme et testé .
Nous nous sommes engagés , et je le suis personnellement , à garantir que tous les instruments internationaux perçoivent l' Europe comme un acteur et un protagoniste .
if we do not do this we shall have failed in our duty
any signs of a rehabilitation of stalin should serve as a warning to all of us however
the world could perhaps calmly wait for an answer but for the fact that the progress of iran ’s nuclear program and the approaching end of president bush ’s term might create an incalculable dynamic of its own
Le nouveau traité est indubitablement un instrument utile pour l' UE , mais il ne peut pas être utilisé pour établir une Europe à plusieurs vitesses .
L' aide a été destinée à la création de projets d' infrastructure et de transport ainsi qu' à des projets en matière d' environnement .
the last two the first equation says that electric charges and currents give rise to all the electric and magnetic fields
i should like to thank everyone for their support and cooperation
On n' avait pas entendu ce type de langage depuis qu' Ahmadinejad est au pouvoir .
Alors , où en sommes - nous ?
Nous déclarons également notre appui pour les mesures alternatives proposées par la Commission parce qu' elles impliquent un assouplissement à condition que ces mesures soient orientées principalement aux flottes qui ont respecté les objectifs de réduction des anciens POP .
L’ argent ainsi épargné pourrait servir , par exemple , à des mesures visant à réduire la consommation de tabac et la dépendance des consommateurs .
it was nice
so it is ankara – and not the eu – that has a legitimate point here
Je ne suis pas paranoïaque , ils me suivent vraiment !
we hope that the egyptian administration will now take effective measures to ensure efficient implementation of this legal framework and we have offered our cooperation in this field
Les scientifiques aiment nommer les choses .
M. Maaten et d' autres intervenants ont parlé de la carte européenne de donneur , que nous avons adoptée comme ajout à ce qui est déjà fourni au niveau de chaque État membre .
there is therefore a need for attention to be paid to this area as an important measure of renewal
En 1683 , les Turcs assiégeaient Vienne pour la deuxième fois .
Je vous remercie beaucoup , Monsieur Bolkestein , de nous avoir consacré du temps ce soir .
cambridge – two years ago barack obama was a first - term senator from a mid - western state who had declared his interest in running for the presidency
S' ils s' emportent et se permettent de dénigrer cette culture des Sages vieille de 5000 ans , l' Occident pourrait devenir le prochain objet du ressentiment nationaliste de la Chine .
Va - t - on remplacer , par exemple , les onze directives sur les activités bancaires , les huit directives sur les services d' investissement , les vingt-et-une directives sur les activités d' assurance , ainsi que les textes interprétatifs et par quoi va - t - on les remplacer ?
in this connection we also made it clear that geographical information should also be included here
the bureau decided that the fundamental debate time is that assigned to members who speak using the time allocated to the different parliamentary groups
in this second consciously or unconsciously the minute you decide to focus on something you 've got to give it a meaning and whatever that meaning is produces emotion
par écrit . - ( EN ) J' ai non seulement voté contre ce rapport , mais je considère qu' il présente un danger pour le marché commun européen .
this split does not provide value for money to eu taxpayers nor does it serve our foreign policy interests
Je suis d’ avis que l’ Union européenne doit impérativement investir plus d’ argent dans la recherche et le développement de ces nouveaux produits .
Les informations des américains aux alliés européens n’ en tenaient pas compte au départ .
Les torts sont partagés , c' est évident .
Mais quel pays est censé décider de ce qui empiète sur l’ autre ?
the greek presidency 's e - vote initiative and other instruments created by the eu institutions such as the futurum website and the convention website have made an effective contribution to ensuring that our citizens views on the future of europe are heard
Ceux - ci sont en effet confus , se rapportent à des événements non spécifiés qui ne sont pas mentionnés dans la pétition ou tentent d' affaiblir l' argumentation du rapport .
i found the empty box
Le Conseil a examiné la résolution du Parlement européen adoptée le 24 octobre 2007 relative au Livre vert intitulé " Vers une Europe sans fumée de tabac : les options stratégiques au niveau de l' Union européenne " .
the proposal from the commission and the decisions we have in place on 20 % of the total energy consumption in europe by 2020 being derived from renewable sources is indeed very good
this is the problem of a europe being constructed from amongst nations and federations
J' approuve également le projet de proposition de SCEQE présenté aujourd'hui par le gouvernement australien , sur la base de notre propre SCEQE , et je leur souhaite également de réussir .
Madame le Commissaire , vous avez dit que la Commission confirme le financement de ce projet .
Je veux donner aux Etats membres la possibilité de décider eux - mêmes ce qui , à leur avis , est petit et ce qui est grand .
let me add to respond to a concern you expressed that i endorse completely the idea you put forward to the effect that we need a single institutional framework and above all no parallel frameworks
La nouvelle doctrine militaire adoptée par le Kremlin en février 2010 dresse la liste de menaces intérieures et extérieures en tête de laquelle figurent les Etats - Unis et l’ Otan .
they are focused on developing the political and institutional relationship with the european union
Je crois que c' est là le dossier que le Parlement européen a suivi avec le plus de participation .
only then can they be assured access to the resources essential for treatment options
i must point out that they share that concern and i am aware that they are taking measures
Je la félicite pour l' ampleur de son travail .
Le débat d' aujourd' hui est organisé alors que nous célébrons l' anniversaire du Printemps de Prague , d' un moment où les peuples d' Europe ont finalement dit " assez ! " à la censure et au contrôle de la presse .
Comment surmonter la peur que le hacker qu' on embauche puisse conserver ce petit vers ?
Les Palestiniens susceptibles de devenir des hommes d’ affaires biens sous tout rapport ( à la base d’ une éventuelle classe moyenne ) sont détruits .
Toutefois , je voudrais attirer l' attention en particulier sur le fait que dans certains pays , la corruption dans la distribution de fonds de l' UE est directement liée au discrédit des politiques suivies dans ces pays .
and my final question my final question -- why are we not looking at moving out onto the sea
Ne me traite pas comme si j' étais un enfant .
Je suis un lecteur vorace , un lecteur qui s' intéresse à Ian McEwan autant qu' à Stephanie Meyer .
Et maintenant elles n' aspirent pas seulement à avoir une voiture .
the way in which measures to protect seals develop in the future will depend on many factors in the international context and the wto
there are strong indications that even this group is seeking compromise
C' est une forme de scientisme , une forme de scientisme improvisé .
Ce n' est pas l' objet du débat d' aujourd' hui .
Il ne fait aucun doute que ce sujet fera , à maints égards et à juste titre , la une des journaux durant la présidence luxembourgeoise .
by so doing they are protecting the health and safety of european union citizens
this legislation is needed for the prevention of violence against women and the other victims of violence
Êtes - vous esseulée ?
he 's evangelical about it he brings his cousins in now
but if the financial system ’s dykes collapse we may be headed for a decade of severe deflation rendering expansionary stimulus useless
there is no small irony in the fact that on november 15 america ’s lame duck president the unilateralist george w. bush is hosting a multilateral conference to discuss reshaping the global economic system
can they be stopped or will they take over the world
Je citerai notamment les coûts élevés du travail , le haut niveau d' imposition , les systèmes de santé onéreux , l' absence de flexibilité des marchés de l' emploi , l' attitude obstructionniste des syndicats ainsi que les coûts des pensions qui montent en flèche .
i declare resumed the session of the european parliament adjourned on 7 october 1999
À cette époque là , ce qu' on pensait qui caractérisait la Science , était un concept aux idées vraiment radicales , connu sous le nom d' empirisme .
cutting back on the powers of our common institutions is a defensive reaction that can only lead to failure
Ou le grand nombre de Britanniques indiens et pakistanais de deuxième génération que l’ on voit maintenant en costume cravate avec ordinateur portable à la main , toujours entre deux avions .
Les droits de l' homme doivent être intégrés de façon naturelle à l' activité communautaire : aux aides , au commerce , à la coopération en matière économique , culturelle et politique .
Ces mesures provisoires sont en place depuis le 1er février de cette année et , pourtant , pas le moindre centime n' a été versé en compensation à ceux qui sont touchés par les réductions .
secondly the only strategic defence body of which europeans countries are members is nato
Je vais porter cette valise pour vous .
Ils se sont uniquement occupés de questions macro-économiques au niveau de l' économie nationale et ont ignoré l' impact régional de l' UEM ou bien ont ignoré la relation entre l' UEM et la politique de cohésion .
in our enthusiasm we said that this had to be within three weeks
Toutes les institutions sont tout à fait d' accord sur la nécessité de ce règlement , et je me réjouis déjà de poursuivre la coopération sur cette question .
hence their attitude for example to the uyghurs and to the tibetans
ca that was an utterly utterly fascinating talk
but then again nobody has complimented me on the jeans i 'm wearing
this raises the old question about whether a currency union can work without a fiscal union or at least stronger and more binding fiscal rules the maastricht deficit commitments are too easily breached
she 's practicing the piano day and night
Nous ne pouvons toutefois adhérer à la demande consistant à accorder à Europol de véritables compétences en matière d' enquêtes .
Quid d' un ensemble de voix qui n' ont jamais été entendues auparavant ?
in taking account of consumer interests there is no reason to exclude food - producing animals from the possible therapeutic benefits of homeopathic remedies
Vous pouvez mettre des chaussures à vos pieds , vous pouvez jouer au golf avec des clubs , et du chewing - gum mâché ne vous apporte rien du tout .
Que mangez - vous dans votre pays ?
she dumped me
the soil retained richness
Les points d' ombre qui demeurent sur le plan scientifique - notamment en ce qui concerne les risques de propagation - tout comme les défaillances dans la législation et l' application des accords internationaux justifient un tel moratoire .
par écrit . - ( DE ) Les paiements du Fonds agricole européen ont pour objectif d' apporter une aide aux agriculteurs afin de préserver l' agriculture et l' environnement dans les régions rurales .
i fully agree that a separate policy perhaps even a strategy should be developed for the black sea region and i would like to stress once again its importance
as you know sir robert i have every sympathy with your position
Il y a Witness , dont vous avez entendu parlé avant .
Je crois donc pouvoir dire que mes prédécesseurs ont fait tout ce qui était , à ce moment - là , en leur pouvoir et à leur disposition , compte tenu des données scientifiques disponibles à ce moment - là , pour enrayer la crise .
Nous avons négocié cela à Johannesburg et nous essayons à présent de remédier à ce problème .
Processus décisionnel au sein du Conseil
the fact that the oecd and the european commission assessed the potential outcomes of the financial problems in the market differently on the same day surprised and saddened me
the european commission also decided to open a fully - fledged delegation in dili and the new head of delegation is expected to start work in march 2008
consider a bit of science fiction
here you 're sentence is now consigned to posterity
Ce plan , qui est fortement soutenu par l' Union européenne , représente la vision commune et renouvelée qu' ont les parties de la direction stratégique à adopter les dix prochaines années .
C' est pourquoi je trouve dommage que le Conseil ne puisse pas donner cette garantie parce qu' il n' est pas représenté ici !
Nous attendons avec sérénité le jugement de la magistrature et du parlement italien et nous espérons qu' il ne faudra plus à l' avenir déplorer des actes de violence .
On peut également y mettre des déchets DEEE moyennant le paiement d' une taxe spéciale .
following the vote on amendments nos 48 49 51 and 52
you have given some partial answers today but i think we are right to raise this and to get more detailed answers
in munich the number of self - employed tilers increased in 2004 and 2005 the first two years after the first eastern enlargement wave from 119 to 970
Monsieur le Président , M. Howitt nous a exposé un rapport important sur la situation des réfugiés .
i therefore welcome this resolution and i am convinced that we are going to be able to adopt it unanimously
i feel that there is a lack of will in parliament to tackle the entirely unacceptable economic management that we are witnessing in respect of large parts of the eu 's funds
6 . Même si la Grèce et d’ autres pays de la périphérie de la zone euro bénéficient d’ un allégement important de leur dette , la croissance économique ne sera pas au rendez - vous sans un rétablissement de la compétitivité .
Et elles ont toujours faim .
that is where the people are that is where the truth is that is where the problem is
is the commission taking any steps to try and increase that level of awareness not just amongst consumers but amongst producers
Il a faim et soif .
and if you look at it over here the main thing i wrote on my thumb was the future
i know that it is not an easy matter since we have no proper contact on the yugoslavian or serbian side
for all these reasons i am voting in favour of the proposal allowing parliament to follow the council 's position
they are revealing not only in times of conflict they are also revealing in terms of the state of a society as a whole
Pour nous , ce sont les garants de la réussite de la réforme des Traités .
Cette vision implique qu' un investisseur devra équiper le chantier des technologies modernes pour remplacer les actuelles cales de construction obsolètes .
Ainsi , quand vous êtes face à une tâche de cette ampleur , vous devez bien entendu la décomposer .
let me link that also to two important proposals that are mentioned here
Toutes ces définitions se résument à l' idée d' attente de quelque chose de bon qui doit arriver .
Pour ajouter à la confusion et à l' inutile , les alliés européens jouent désormais avec deux panoplies distinctes de renforcement du potentiel militaire : l' une pour l' OTAN et l' autre pour l' Union européenne .
Donc je me suis intéressé à la compréhension de ce qui faisait que la vie valait la peine d' être vécue .
J' ai été tout aussi surprise que , dans cette proposition , la Commission prenne le marché intérieur comme point de départ .
there are people that want to be a part of this global day of film to be able to provide a platform for independent voices and independent films to get out there
just this week a newspaper column written by a very well - known journalist mário crespo was also censured at the prompting - or apparently at the prompting - of the prime minister
Les journaux ont rapporté aujourd’hui qu’ il aurait dit cette phrase : « Le processus tout entier sera favorisé si les conditions de vie des Palestiniens moyens s’ améliorent ; nous devrions être les derniers à nous désengager . »
Le budget de la recherche au Royaume - Uni a été grevé , ainsi que le budget pour l' hygiène de la viande , de 39 millions d' écus additionnels pour les contrôles supplémentaires .
Je ne souhaite pas prendre un tel risque .
Au final , je l' ai vu après 10 mois d' attente -- presque un an .
in the case of notification the onus of proof falls on the authorities which means that a claim is permitted until such time as the authorities have managed to prove otherwise
it was just a way of expressing it differently but we see the point so we do not object to removing it especially because it is the wording that is the problem and not actually the validity of the indicator
yet let me make it clear as a scientist my judgement is that gmos are safe for public consumption
( Mouvements divers ) ... vous voyez , vous administrez très exactement la preuve de la véracité de ce que je suis en train de dire .
some say that it is achieved only once a country has passed the “ two - turnover test ” that is two changes of government without violence
La Commission préfère dès lors ne pas suivre cette proposition .
Par ailleurs , la décision de la Commission sape certaines dispositions de REACH , et notamment le principe de substitution ; c' est un mauvais signal envoyé aux autres entreprises .
Notre langue n' a pas suivi les changements de notre société , dont beaucoup ont été apportés par la technologie .
a concession has since been made to the developing countries but this does not alter the fundamental issue
we shall proceed to the vote on the motions for resolutions debated this afternoon
Tous ces accords sur le transport aérien sont bénéfiques et nécessaires pour l' Union européenne , nos compagnies aériennes et nos concitoyens .
Avant , on estimait à 34 le nombre de nations faisant commerce des mines antipersonnel : maintenant , mis à part quelques activités illicites , ce commerce a pratiquement disparu .
as evasion increases governments levy additional or special duties inciting further evasion
Nous devons dûment traiter la question de savoir qui va s' installer et qui entre dans un État membre , qui a l' intention de rester en marge de la société .
promoting the idea of transplantation and coordinating the exchange of experience between member states can save thousands of lives
i would add that it is only the creation of civil society that will form a basis for democracy and security
their lawyers were not allowed to see them before their trial and were only briefed on the prosecution case a few hours before the start of court proceedings which were held in secret
that is the request i make on behalf of my group
Nous serons plus efficaces sur ces deux fronts si nous gardons les canaux de communication ouverts .
the figures are however clear in recent years national budgets have increased by 22 % while over the same period the community budget has increased by 9 %
Cette récession est due à une mauvaise évaluation du coût du risque , ce qui a conduit à un endettement excessif et à une surévaluation de tout un éventail d' actifs .
Il est monstrueux de condamner une femme enceinte à mort parce qu' elle a eu des relations sexuelles avant le mariage .
- the council and the commission ’s contradictions as regards aid for cooperation and development the funding for which is often reduced by being transferred to support for reconstructing countries
constructive political dialogue between both sides must be a key priority and i would agree with other speakers that yesterday was a positive day in the kenyan parliament
this bears little in common with the essence of democracy which consists not merely in ballot boxes but in the separation of powers
Ce que j' ai fait , je lui ai juste donné des antibiotiques avec lesquels nous traitons la tuberculose , et , heureusement , j' ai pu lui sauver la vie .
La Commission est opposée à toutes les cyberattaques commises de part et d' autres dans cette affaire très controversée .
Tel est le sentiment éprouvé par un grand nombre de personnes touchées par le conflit , nous pouvons le comprendre , mais ce n’ est pas suffisant .
Les personnes avec lesquelles il vit à Londres vont venir me voir .
madam president i was here in parliament when the chernobyl explosion took place
and with all of our modern telescopes we 've been able to collect this stunning silent movie of the universe -- these series of snapshots that go all the way back to the big bang
que leur diriez - vous ? "
Il convient , à ce propos , de mettre en évidence la sécurité des consommateurs . Il faut toutefois éviter que ce contrôle ne remplace le contrôle effectué aux frontières .
On les recycle en produits de moindre qualité , alors qu' une bouteille en verre peut devenir une autre bouteille en verre , et peut être réutilisée , une bouteille plastique ne peut pas devenir une autre bouteille plastique .
i am very satisfied with what the rapporteur writes in paragraph 10 that people should not identify competitiveness and the connection between the union 's losses in industrial markets with wage conditions
À titre d' exemple , au Royaume - Uni , nous avons appris récemment qu' une personne a bel et bien été condamnée à une peine de prison pour trafic lié à un cas de servitude domestique .
well everybody can throw around big numbers
it is impossible for the government to guarantee control and surveillance – in fact these were never satisfactory even during peace time
cut the salmon into small pieces
it did all of this before choosing a new government because the new era after the end of the cold war was to be a time of reconciliation peace and community
Le drame du Liban nous le prouve . Malheur au peuple qui perd son identité et sa souveraineté .
in baluchistan and in the north - west of the country religious fundamentalists were the victors in the election
A la lampe à pétrole – nous n’ avions pas l’ électricité à la ferme .
the code of conduct for commissioners as well as the requirement to provide information including confidential information are welcomed
he deserves our support in tomorrow 's votes
Je suis d’ accord avec Chua jusqu’ à un certain point : hésiter à dire à un enfant ce qu’ il peut faire ou non peut aller trop loin .
serbian politicians know precisely where the status question stands in reality only they dare not risk admitting this to their own people
L' élaboration d' une nouvelle politique multilatérale à l' issue du cycle de Doha constituera l' un des défis les plus stimulants et les plus complexes pour la politique commerciale européenne .
Elle vient de démontrer une fois encore qu’ elle nous soutenait dans son allocution devant cette Assemblée .
Je crois que nous devons aborder la situation de manière appropriée .
we find you faithful to the principles which have always guided you which have always guided your actions your attachment to fundamental values
young people have to go into the city centre to access scientific works
we should therefore let people themselves vote and make an effort to ensure that referendums are held in every country
although the steel aid code is expressed in a very clear way the commission has authorised granting steel companies aid which is not covered by the categories stipulated by the code
La Chine peut bien faire remarquer la quantité de bons du Trésor américain qu’ elle a acheté , aidant ainsi les Etats - Unis à supporter leur déficit fiscal .
we acknowledge that we still have to increase the coverage of our public registers and we confirm our commitment to develop the public registers in the interests of enhanced transparency
Les deux discours se défendent , mais ils ne peuvent pas coexister éternellement .
Commençons par les arts .
C' est pourquoi nous annonçons avec conviction , et avec d' autres élus de la liste Bonino , que nous votons contre et que nous refusons clairement de vous accorder notre confiance .
Si mes informations sont exactes , le marché européen sera bientôt inondé d’ un excédent de quelque 200 millions de tonnes de sucre , qui s’ explique par la diminution des exportations et par l’ importance de la récolte .
i think he 's tired
Et vous savez , quand j' étais chez Microsoft , c' était tellement captivant , et toute l' industrie grandissait tellement , que j' ai eu tendance à écarter la plupart des autres choses de ma vie .
La politique de cohésion est tout aussi importante pour soutenir la croissance et l' emploi .
the ensuing losses will aggravate the financial turmoil and economic contraction
En outre , beaucoup de gens ne voulaient pas que l' on tue les chiens errants .
firstly with this decision which facilitates movement we are disproving the idea of a fortress europe
you must be at the station by 5 o'clock
Vous avez déduit de ces échos angoissés que le réchauffement de la planète est pire que ce que nous avions imaginé , et qu’ il est nécessaire dès maintenant d’ agir vite et vigoureusement .
i therefore support this draft resolution
Pour notre part , nous croyons que cet agenda ne peut pas être adopté sans qu’ il y soit apporté d’ amendement fondamental .
as we know emu is a continuation of the internal market
J' aimerais vous poser quelques questions supplémentaires .
our colleague at the back asked what the middle way was and whether it was a middle way between a united states model and prosperity
long may this state of affairs continue
En taillant dans le montant budgétisé , le Conseil a , d' une part , commis une erreur et , d' autre part , agi avec indélicatesse .
children have had to witness atrocities and carry them out themselves under coercion
and so it 's reliable real data that 's right in my face where i am so i can finish the latte
also significant we are told is the agreement to make decisions by simple majority with countries ’ votes to be roughly in proportion to their contributions
moreover bulgaria and romania would not be in the union if we had applied the same stringent criteria to them that we are now applying to croatia
J' ai vigoureusement défendu , au sein de cette Assemblée , le mandat d' arrêt européen .
Monsieur le Président , il y a quelques jours , le président de la Banque centrale européenne , M. Duisenberg , s' est présenté devant la sous-commission monétaire que préside notre collègue , Mme Randzio - Plath .
this is modifying ibm equipment which is the origins of the whole data - processing industry later at ibm
Quand le chômage de nombreux pays augmente , il nous faut des emplois .
garcía márquez said that wisdom comes when we no longer have any use for it
this report aims to assist in that process
Une réaction serait la bienvenue .
and so you can go in and have a billion different viruses that are all genetically identical but they differ from each other based on their tips on one sequence that codes for one protein
by buying a space that was 420 sq ft
for the next few minutes we 're going to talk about energy
Sortez d' ici ! Tous autant que vous êtes !
Établir un accès aisé et abordable aux avis juridiques .
obviously responses to this disaster also need to be more than merely palliative
Nous devons donc suivre un autre chemin : .
by adopting these amendments parliament would actually be taking the legislative initiative which until proven to the contrary is an area over which the commission has a monopoly
L' ordre du jour appelle le vote .
it runs completely counter to the report as a whole but is of course also very unfortunate in itself
we also know that those who violated the growth and stability pact are eurozone countries
and there was a little -- an interesting theory about abstraction
Bien sûr , il y a l' élasticité de la demande ; dans le cas présent , l' élasticité du prix de la demande .
Il essaya de la consoler , mais elle n' arrêtait pas de pleurer .
Alors quand vous pensez à vos parents ou à vos grands - parents , au mieux ils ont peut - être créé des photos ou des films de famille , ou un journal intime qui vit dans une boîte quelque part .
Je suis infiniment reconnaissante aux citoyens européens qui se proposent si généreusement pour accueillir les réfugiés kosovars .
this in fact will be the first great tangible sign which will enable all europe 's citizens to see whether and in what form europe exists
i can only agree with his view that social dialogue is at this particular time more important than ever
Alors bien sûr , lorsque vous éduquez une fille , elle a tendance à se marier plus tard dans la vie , elle a tendance à avoir des enfants plus tard dans la vie , elle a tendance à avoir moins d' enfants , et ces enfants qu' elle a , elle les éduque d' une façon plus éclairée .
in other fields the situation is worsening
but i walked away from that because my passion was here
BJ : La respiration est très importante pour nous .
Les personnes travaillant dans ces petites entreprises , si elles veulent survivre , sont contraintes de travailler plus et plus longtemps qu' elles ne le faisaient auparavant dans les grandes .
at this point she stops me and she says who are you
C' est un drame pour des dizaines de milliers de salariés , et une catastrophe pour des régions qui deviennent sinistrées .
Pour ma part , comme beaucoup d' entre nous , je ne suis pas surpris , mais je suis néanmoins consterné , de voir de nombreux ministres des affaires étrangères vous causer des ennuis par pure jalousie mesquine .
i ask you minister do you already know the impact different vat rates have and if you do what is it
will the pace of appreciation accelerate enough to satisfy american demands
i will certainly take up this suggestion in those workshops to see what can be done but it must fit into the framework of the regulations that are there
Jusqu' où s' étend la portée de la réglementation ?
Ce sont plutôt les mollahs qui gouvernent et qui condamnent à la lapidation les femmes accusées de relations sexuelles extraconjugales .
Je n' ai pas envie de travailler ; et si nous allions plutôt au cinéma ?
let 's eat in the park like we used to
Certaines ont été crées par le joueur en question , le reste par les autres joueurs , et envoyé automatiquement ici .
it supports the participation of long - standing immigrants in local elections
Les preuves du contraire sont écrasantes .
how about conditioning eu support to national researchers on the adoption of selective migration policies
C' est pourquoi la politique sociale est indispensable pour que la richesse puisse être redistribuée et que les groupes les plus faibles puissent s' adapter .
Donc un âge moyen 32 ans , je viens de le dire . 65 pour cent des utilisateurs ne sont pas aux Etats - Unis .
a key focus of the meeting will be security
L' un dans l' autre , permettez - moi de vous adresser à nouveau mes plus vifs remerciements pour votre travail et j' ajouterai que j' attends maintenant avec impatience vos interventions .
L' histoire ne finit pas là pour autant . Pour pouvoir s' enregistrer auprès de l' application , on attend d' un greffon qu' il ait une fonction d' initialisation que l' application appellera .
Mesdames et Messieurs les Députés , en mémoire de ces deux événements , je vous invite à observer une minute de silence .
Cela me rappelle l' époque stalinienne où les individus étaient retouchés sur les photos .
let 's see what happens
it is disgraceful that no definitive solution has managed to be found to this issue
- Vous avez mis le doigt sur une des questions les plus difficiles que nous traitons .
we have eight eu states around the sea one of them is non - eu that is russia and then of course there is kaliningrad
yesterday israel denied the united nations special rapporteur access to palestinian territories
that could mobilise a substantial steering instrument
on three occasions this year i have been refused entry into terminal d on my laissez - passer
we have discussed issues much less directly relevant to us in separate debates here
it is likely that plants not yet discovered will disappear along the way as well as such endangered species as the sumatran rhino and elephant as well as the orangutan
La prochaine étape est la mise en œuvre de ce travail gigantesque , ce règlement , qui entre en vigueur immédiatement , c' est - à - dire qu' il ne faut pas le transposer dans un premier temps dans les législations nationales .
first its currency would naturally depreciate making exports more competitive and imports more expensive
Et nous allons maintenant jouer la toute fin de cette symphonie .
it may come as no surprise to you that i actually voted in favour of this report given that the author was a very good conservative british colleague of mine
we also agree with the rapporteur 's view that landing or take - off permission should not be given to aircraft from third countries which do not conform with the safety standards
Si l' Europe de Bruxelles prétend vouloir écouter les citoyens , qu' elle prenne acte des " non " français et néerlandais à la Constitution européenne et qu' elle abandonne le traité de Lisbonne , qui n' en est que la copie .
but given the high - speed data transmission capacities of current telecommunications and information technology it is now possible to reduce business travel significantly
they are distinctly unconvinced by what the socialists are offering
Par ailleurs , la Serbie a également accompli des efforts en vue de rétablir de bonnes relations et des partenariats avec ses voisins , ses anciens ennemis , une initiative que je salue , car elle était importante d' un point de vue humain .
Ou ils pourraient être de bonnes cibles cliniques pour le traitement des troubles du cerveau .
Ces compromis sont comme les statistiques , ou de minuscules bikinis : ce qu’ ils montrent importe moins que ce qu’ ils cachent .
this position is all the more important and necessary since the report refers to the crucial problems related to globalisation and european integration
J' aurais aimé en faire part au ministre serbe des affaires étrangères s' il avait bien voulu l' entendre .
i did n't sleep well
Voilà donc à quoi ressemblent nos peurs au fil du temps dans nos média .
David Pogue : Oui je le veux .
Notre contribution à l' Europe résidera dans nos rapports particuliers avec les nations du Partenariat oriental .
on both sides here it is not a matter of supplying arms but rather of peaceful mediation between the two sides
you know how you are told to give your kids organic food because pesticides will give them cancer
La Commission a , je pense , très pertinemment déclaré : bien , voilà ce que voulaient le Parlement et le Conseil , ils voulaient aller le plus loin possible .
our economies will recover but our environment will not
and all of a sudden he would no longer appear to be merely human
Je viens d' arriver ici .
i should like to conclude with a more general observation namely that europe has cast itself in such a ridiculous light with regard to belarus that it has rendered its declaration on the union ’s common foreign policy completely meaningless
in other words a state monopoly that has the use of violence well under control
innovation is also the best guarantee for retaining employment in the packaging industry
Si les perdants s' engagent dans des manœuvres post-électorales pour empêcher leurs adversaires d' occuper le nombre de sièges qui leur revient , cela sera de mauvais augure .
as you will appreciate political rhetoric is not always helpful but you all know how committed we are to securing a satisfactory outcome to the case
Nous rejetons également l' amendement excluant l' utilisation de moteurs à deux temps pour les générateurs et les souffleuses à neige .
Les statistiques montrent bien l’ importance centrale du secteur des services dans la création de postes de travail .
Pendant ce temps - là , d’ autres tergiversent et n’ ont pas encore commencé à investir .
Et cela nous a fait repenser à notre conception du travail et comment nous faisons les choses . ce qui nous a rapproché du stylisme de mode , aplanir les surfaces , puis les connecter pour qu' elles se combinent spatialement .
when you meet someone for the first time be careful about how close you stand to that person
Le lien entre urgence et développement prend toute son importance dans ce contexte où les structures étatiques sont très faibles et où la crise humanitaire va perdurer .
Ces idées ont amené ensemble quelque chose qui fait que l' Inde est ce qu' elle est aujourd'hui .
Sois plus prudente , désormais .
Les prochaines élections locales permettront cependant de constater si des progrès ont été réalisés en matière de droits .
Étant donné l' importance de la politique agricole commune , il est indispensable de disposer de données fiables pour tous lorsque l' on doit prendre des décisions importantes .
since the outset the emphasis has been placed on our four long - standing issues of concern weapons of mass destruction terrorism the middle east peace process and human rights
Un cinquième de mon salaire part en impôt .
the rule of law is fundamental to brazilian - eu relations
Un autre a écrit : « Si les choses continuent ainsi , notre pays n’ a pas d’ avenir . »
Cette directive marie la défense de l' environnement et une certaine modernité .
Il est important de connaître l' impact de la pêche industrielle dans ce domaine .
gregori pasko does not want a pardon
Il faudrait que cela reste une priorité pour les institutions européennes .
Je ne vous accorderai pas une minute de temps de parole dans la mesure où il est impossible de s’ exprimer avec cohérence pendant les trente secondes restantes .
these are all relevant issues in the new phase now opening
my father is always forgetting things
i am pleased to say that an excellent climate of cooperation between our institutions characterised the whole legislative process and brought us to a very satisfactory compromise
Le gouverneur Sarah Palin est alors monté sur la scène nationale , le verbe triomphant .
L' une des questions importantes soulevées lors des discussions en conciliation ainsi que dans le rapport lui - même consistaient à clarifier certaines formulations .
and what do we do if we are put under pressure soon to apply the research findings in the pharmaceutical field or to clone for reproductive purposes
the place where the electricity is generated is significant
Gracieusement prêté par TED .
Il y a un domaine qui nous préoccupe toujours - c’ est le concept de pays « super sûr » - , mais je serais très surprise si une majorité devait se dessiner à ce propos cet après-midi .
Nous n' avons pas adhéré à des États - Unis d' Europe , mais à une Communauté .
Ces changements arrivent .
a depression seemed possible
Ainsi , sur la base des informations disponibles , nous devons admettre qu' il y a beaucoup à faire et à améliorer , même si nous constatons également des développements positifs .
À la même époque , nous avons également adopté une directive sur l' utilisation durable des pesticides . Le présent rapport sur les statistiques relatives aux pesticides est le troisième élément de cet ensemble .
you 're sitting on chairs
Eurocontrol entre en ligne de compte et va participer - nous l' avons annoncé dès les premiers instants .
Comme l' indique cette résolution , la priorité de la communauté internationale devrait être de garantir l' autonomie et l' indépendance alimentaires des pays en développement .
within the framework of a long - term budget of 1 % of gni there must also be room to invest in scientific research and to support enlargement
Une taxe sur les activités financières semble être la meilleure manière de traiter la question dans l' Union européenne .
if more screening can detect breast cancer in asymptomatic women in their 40 ’s would n’t it also detect cancer in women in their 30 ’s
i would gladly do that mrs lulling but you know that amendments to the agenda must be proposed by a political group or 29 members one hour before the opening of the sitting
madam president as a new member of parliament i had a compilation put together of the debates that have taken place in the house on xenophobia and racism
the problem lies in the content of the framework directive
we have tried to restrict the noise pollution for citizens
the legislation from 2000 was non - binding and not very efficient
the regional advisory councils themselves should encourage dialogue between the european union and local actors
finding an apartment can be difficult
in the ppe - de group we consider that the relevant directive could now be reviewed
Que pourrait signifier , dans ces conditions , un décalage horaire pour la vie quotidienne des habitants vivant de part et d' autre de la frontière , en particulier , travailleurs et scolaires ?
Il s' agit d' un robot à mobilité très élevée que nous avons conçu et qui se nomme IMPASS .
instead of going out and guessing about our ancestry digging things up out of the ground possible ancestors and saying it on the basis of morphology -- which we still do n't completely understand we do n't know the genetic causes underlying this morphological variation -- what we need to do is turn the problem on its head
this is essentially what the far - right trades on
on 16 october 2003 a number of israeli and palestinian representatives meeting in jordan agreed in principle on a peace plan to resolve the dispute between israel and palestine injecting new life into the peace process
the president of estonia told us here yesterday that russia is now acting like a superpower to use its superpower status in oil and gas to influence foreign policy
just think of all those sunflowers in the desert
it is naturally also important for there to be unrestricted access to all material so that a proper investigation can be conducted
she 's lost her car keys
J' ai des nouvelles de mon ami tous les ans .
i am keeping my fingers crossed that this will emerge from the forthcoming talks
thank you for your help and understanding
Cet article de journal est plus intéressant que le précédent .
are we perhaps in italy mr president
de mr president ladies and gentlemen we are facing a new wave of implementation of eu funds via the eib
Il n’ y a donc rien d’ étonnant à ce que le président français Nicolas Sarkozy ait succombé aux sirènes du protectionnisme lors de la campagne électorale de l’ an dernier , tout comme les deux candidats à la présidentielle aux États - Unis .
one example of the 46 projects selected is the european schoolnet project which involves the education ministries of the member states
this work has already begun
Au paragraphe 38 , le rapport demande une évaluation des besoins économiques et financiers .
Ensuite , je voudrais dire quelques mots à propos du dialogue social .
kosovo has already been mentioned here
looking forward the commission will without a shadow of a doubt support any further efforts making the text even more watertight
Le thé est brûlant .
however while adjustments are still possible – and we are working on them day by day – our constraints are such that there is relatively little room for manoeuvre
those essentially were the questions asked in this house
the commission is not in a position to accept amendments nos 44 45 and 46 which seek to limit the scope of the directive in such a way that only laboratory work for research purposes is included
Mais l' inverse est également vrai : quand une croissance des importations se termine , le PIB mesuré doit baisser considérablement , parce que beaucoup moins d' intermédiation est nécessaire .
nuclear pressures from cuba would have made defense of berlin more difficult which was part of khrushchev 's strategy
Et l' autre est l' impénétrabilité .
on the other hand we share the view taken in the resolution on biofuels the large food price increases in the distribution sector and food insecurity in the world
it is a difficult task choosing what is right or wrong but you have to do it
muiriel likes to annoy me lately
the patient receives an injection of a radio tracer that 's taken up by rapidly proliferating tumor cells but not by normal cells
Je vous taxe également de despote car vous ne cessez pas de m' interrompre lorsque j' interviens et me dites : " Non , je ne répondrai pas à cette question " .
the current rule will continue to apply so visa - free access or visa requirements for hong kong residents entering the european union will be decided at national level by the member states
people talk people communicate and no progress is made
still the court should not hesitate to act outside africa when mass atrocities demand redress
Mais aux yeux des citoyens d' Europe , ce type de décision et ce type de débat contribuent malheureusement à saper la légitimité du Parlement européen et à miner sa crédibilité .
long loud standing ovation
Elle dit : « J' ai acheté un cadeau pour ma maman .
if we could do that this could be extremely powerful
aisha was punished in accordance with islamic law for the rape inflicted on her
as a whole therefore it should definitely be supported
Les estimations portant sur les obligations gouvernementales ( dette bancaire , plans de retraite non financés encore , passifs des obligations pour les projets d' infrastructures , etc. ) vont de 70 % à plus de 150 % du PIB .
Vous auriez donc pu résoudre le problème dans le cadre de cette modification .
J' aurais aimé savoir si vous avez eu connaissance d' articles parus dans la presse .
i would have preferred that concern should have been expressed on behalf of the innocent parties who have suffered on account of a very harsh decision
La question sera bien entendu abordée lors du Conseil européen de cette semaine .
condoms greatly reduce the chances of pregnancy
and the agenda states that question time to the commission should start at precisely 5.30 p.m. today so that is what we are now doing i am afraid mrs lulling - and five minutes late
Quelles en seront les conséquences pour la lutte contre la drogue , le droit d' asile , les visas et la politique des réfugiés ?
Par conséquent , cher Richard Ashworth , peut - être les conservateurs voteront - ils au moins les comptes annuels .
you can go to the station by bus
whether an editor publishes cartoons offensive to believers in muhammad or christ for that matter is a matter of judgment almost of taste
the people living in rural areas are therefore even more worthy of our attention than such matters as the management of these areas and agricultural and forestry production
Je remercie également sincèrement l' ensemble de mon bureau , en particulier Joana Benzinho , au nom d' un développement plus harmonieux et plus structuré des zones côtières et du tourisme dans l' Union européenne .
L' air de la Tchécoslovaquie de 1968 était électrisé par la musique des Rolling Stones et des Mothers of Invention de Frank Zappa .
mr president i am pleased that we are now being given a little more time in which to discuss the constitution
the 2010 budget represents a step in the right direction but it is by no means enough
nationally including all cities the fall is over 25 %
financial support is given to them
the commission proposal and the amendments by the committee on economic and monetary affairs received parliament 's firm support at first reading stage at the beginning of this year
La lecture est l' un des grands plaisirs de la vie .
perhaps because they thought the convention ’s conclusions were not as good as all that
Il devrait exister une division plus claire entre les pays en développement , tenant compte de facteurs tels que la puissance économique , le développement économique , la croissance en pourcentage de PIB et celle des exportations .
Et qu' à ce stade , Yad Vashem dois gérer près de trois millions de visiteurs par an .
La Croix - Rouge , la Banque mondiale et le Conseil de l' Europe ont publié des rapports sur les crimes perpétrés contre les Palestiniens , sur le phénomène d' appauvrissement et les conditions de vie inhumaines à Gaza .
Les enfants sont plus malins qu' on ne pense .
Ce rapport part de bons sentiments ; ce rapport a le mérite de présenter une bonne analyse .
government sources have assured me that the sailors have unrestricted freedom of movement within the country
have you eaten supper yet
the priorities have been unclear
a revolutionary change in the economic model which is what the report calls for involves incalculable risks and is therefore irresponsible
once it costs eur 20 to 30 a tonne the picture will be quite different and will naturally have effects on energy policy
Et dès lors à la dynamique interne de l' Union européenne .
Crises du secteur de l' automobile ( débat )
but we are in favour of a european authority that can be democratically controlled
in 1950 communist forces invaded tibet leading to the exile of the dalai lama 50 years ago
working off the threats and maintaining a flexible nature is essential for the sis to address the challenges that this enlargement brings about
Si j' ai été un peu long , c' est uniquement pour montrer mon engagement et mon immense intérêt pour la possibilité qui m' est offerte de débattre ici au Parlement de l' avenir de la politique agricole commune .
and if the very few that survive pass onto their offspring whatever it was that helped them survive then those offspring must be better adapted to the circumstances in which all this happened than their parents were
that premise also necessarily implies that member states must be able to charge the real cost to the patient
the players are going to play through every generation of this species and as you play the game the creature is actually growing bit by bit
when we ask mr sharon to stop his violent retaliation what guarantees what solutions are we going to offer him
- Lorsque l’ on parle de la censure de l’ internet , il est facile et satisfaisant de pouvoir condamner une dizaine de pays répartis sur quelques continents .
most importantly we be it the european union the un or the organisation for african unity oau must ensure that there is a total weapons embargo and that this embargo is strictly complied with
this number of licences is sufficient
european marketing and advertising already exercise self - regulation and there is sufficient legislation in the member states
Il est en train d' apprendre comment conduire une voiture .
voice 1 you 'll have to stay here in the safe house until we get word the terrorist threat is over
today at the time of our greatest historical prosperity an incomparably smaller number of oppressed and persecuted individuals is taking flight in our direction
but official measures of gdp may grossly overstate growth in the economy as they do n't capture the fact that business sentiment among small firms is abysmal and their output is still falling sharply
Il s' agit d' un événement historique et d' un triomphe diplomatique que nous devons reconnaître sans ambiguïté , et pour lequel je vous félicite , Madame Ashton .
Personne ne peut nier la haute qualification technique du comité d' experts qui a émis le rapport préliminaire de l' Organisation mondiale du commerce , au printemps dernier .
C' est également grâce à eux si la directive obtenue est un document pratique et utilisable qui ne peut qu' être recommandé à l' attention du public de spécialistes .
in other words the network provides power to achieve preferred outcomes with other players rather than over them
in france there is an expression that describes something one dreams of but which never materialises we talk about the arlésienne
Ceux qui pensent qu' Ahmadinejad est un bluffeur et un bouffon qui s' arrêtera au bord du gouffre pourraient se méprendre entièrement sur sa psychologie .
i will have it uploaded by friday
Dans une telle association de nations , Bruxelles ne disposerait d' aucune supériorité intrinsèque .
Certains de mes collègues négociateurs accordaient une grande importance à ces aspects , et je le comprends .
Objet : Conséquences négatives de la crise du crédit international pour le domaine du commerce
En fait en ce moment c' est super excitant pour moi parce que je suis l' assistante junior du directeur associé sous le vice président sénior du développement commercial .
a lot of confidence is being invested in technological projects either of exchange of data between member states or of construction of new eu databases
it should be the limit under the directives it is not in practice
Tout va bien .
if the european union follows the us policy example that could therefore become highly problematical
Toutefois , l' interview que M. Patten a accordée à Herat ce lundi mentionnait que Bruxelles était frustrée du fait que les Israéliens ne semblaient pas apprécier leur lien avec l' UE .
now that is the india that is emerging into the 21st century
Monsieur le Président , la Commission est tout à fait consciente de la nécessité de prendre des mesures contre la corruption , à la fois au sein de la Commission et au niveau de l' Union .
and very few of them control for the possibility that parents pass on genes for -- that increase the chances a child will be articulate or violent and so on
we will in conclusion vote against this report while stressing that the europe to which we aspire is a europe of rights and guarantees rights and guarantees that call for gradual and responsible discussion as well as very serious examination
i notice that yesterday you did not tell us who had asked for the roll - call votes
it reminds me of the shooting of sparrows in china during what was known as the cultural revolution
J' ignore où se trouve votre bureau et si vous y entendez la sonnerie .
Des mesures similaires devraient sans doute être prises pour l’ exposition du système bancaire espagnol au marché de l’ immobilier du pays .
Parmi ceux , nombreux , qui ont voté cet accord , plusieurs le regrettent .
Le 12 septembre , la Commission formulera ses propositions en faveur d’ un Mécanisme unique de surveillance bancaire , reposant sur trois principes clés :
and so i expected to walk into this building and be met with this cacophony of honking and braying and squawking but instead when we stepped through those doors and into the building it was eerily silent
N’ y a -t -il cependant aucune inquiétude ?
let me respond to a few question rather briefly
La Russie sans l' Ukraine est un Etat - nation parfaitement gérable ; mais la Russie avec l' Ukraine est un empire ingérable .
Monsieur le Président , Monsieur le Commissaire , Mesdames et Messieurs , au cours de ces derniers mois , quasiment tout le monde s' est rendu à l' évidence qu' il est essentiel d' agir , afin de prévenir le danger potentiel que représente le changement climatique .
C’ est aux citoyens qu’ il revient de déterminer le niveau du débat et de la discussion et le verdict final sur ce Traité constitutionnel .
Il nous faut des solutions communes aux problèmes communs .
La présidence de Thessalonique présente deux caractéristiques : premièrement , elle clôture le cycle des présidences des 15 et elle ouvre le cycle des présidences des 25 .
Monsieur le Président , tout d' abord je tiens à remercier madame le commissaire de sa présence pour nous informer des résultats du dernier Conseil de ministres de la Pêche , ainsi que de sa disponibilité pour en débattre au Parlement européen .
one purpose of the proposal is that data be submitted annually rather than monthly
and obviously technology had existed before then but we were n't aware of it
" Il n' y a qu' une seule question : Comment aimer ce monde ? "
Enfin , je suis terriblement déçue que le gouvernement britannique ait été l' un de ceux qui ont bloqué la mesure sur les droits procéduraux .
using state aid where necessary yes but in line with the guidelines directing state aid towards environmental support and research and development
at present that is not the case and in that sense it is very important that a review of smes is now conducted
Je souhaiterais donc savoir si la présidence et le Conseil réfléchissent à la question de la date .
Ta chemise est à l' envers .
Ne croyons donc pas à une approche globale .
Sur 116 TAC , seuls 30 ont été modifiés par rapport à l' année dernière .
on behalf of the ind / dem group - nl madam president the importance of the south caucasus as an energy corridor for the european union can not be underestimated
i am grateful for the support given by the parliament and the rapporteur to the rapid handling of this legislative proposal
with regard to the six - month presidency the president - in - office of the council beat me to my criticism
Pour autant que je sache , la réponse est non , la Commission n' a pas encore pris contact avec nous .
high oil prices now seem to be the only factor allowing putin to keep the reform charade going
i voted for the incompatibility of certain posts and against the accumulation of parliamentary offices
La Grèce qui , comme par le passé , est handicapée par une gestion inefficace et insuffisamment transparente des projets innovateurs .
Monsieur le Président , chers collègues , l' euro doit être une monnaie forte et crédible .
it is a very serious issue and we want to make sure that it is properly debated and dealt with
Normalement , je dis « non » d' emblée , mais certains viennent avec des références , et ils semblent bien intentionnés . Et ils vous gardent pour au moins une ou deux réunions .
mr president at this stage of the debate there is little point in trying to be tough and original at the same time
Les représentants des minorités peuvent siéger au parlement , même s' ils n' ont pas obtenu les voix nécessaires .
Les USA et la Chine ont établi des relations plus solides et des canaux de communication qui faisaient défaut jusque là .
better controls are therefore of no help to us at all here
it predates most of the member states and it will be fine with or without this eu agency sited on its territory
Cependant , pour prendre cette décision , il nous faut disposer des informations nécessaires .
do we accuse a lot of republicans today of being anti - american
L’ intégration des dix pays dans l’ Union ne signifie pas que tous les problèmes individuels ont été réglés automatiquement .
Ainsi , si nous avons salué des avancées tout à fait intéressantes et notoires concernant le code de la famille , des éléments extrêmement inquiétants demeurent néanmoins .
this issue was brought to the attention of the committee on petitions in 2003
in this way the directive has helped to reduce environmental impacts and to strengthen the internal market for packaging and packaging waste
i give the floor to the rapporteur mr herman
he who permits himself to tell a lie once finds it much easier to do it a second and third time till at length it becomes habitual he tells lies without attending to it and truths without the world 's believing him
he supposed he could always quit the job in the last resort
so there it is -- architectural anti - desertification structures made from the desert itself
Ce type de livre devrait être à sa portée .
the archer killed the deer
for years now we have all been aware of the important part played by tourism in developing local economies and creating jobs especially for women and young people
in the post - colonial period following world war ii the prevailing development paradigm was a form of structuralism the aim was to change poor countries ’ industrial structure to resemble that of high - income countries
Cette directive en apporte la garantie .
although we take the issue of the brain drain seriously we are competing on a worldwide market and therefore a time limit on the blue card is necessary
so if these cells can mediate reward the animal should go there more and more
i think most importantly what is necessary now is to put an end to this destruction and to go for reconstruction and try to come to peace
Nous espérions un traité sur l' énergie , comme le traité Euratom .
the gall - peters map projection was a subject of controversy
here in the european union we are far from creating the conditions in which the kyoto criteria can be fulfilled
however it is also clear that where the petersberg tasks the european armaments agency and the integration of new services are concerned there is obviously not enough room within the european budget
let us not confuse the peaceful use of nuclear energy with the abuses thereof
i am confident that the proposed collection targets for portable batteries in combination with the proposed high recycling targets will protect our environment against the risks involved in the disposal of those batteries
Le style de piano du Cap - Breton est tout simplement génial . C' est très rythmique , vous le verrez .
d’estaing was incensed that the us seemed to be able to flood the world with dollar currency and debt without ever seeming to pay a price in terms of higher inflation or interest rates
when you start taking medicine it begins working on symptoms like pain right away but that does n't mean that the ulcer heals right away
Les propositions relatives à une base de données publique dans le cadre de l' émission des notations de crédit ont été abandonnées , ainsi que toute référence à la création d' une agence de notation publique .
no one has the right to murder in the attempt to achieve a political objective
the impact of multilateral agreements on the supply of imported starch on the community market will therefore be negligible
a lot of numbers there a lot of numbers
C’ est pour cela que je me bats et c’ est pour cela que j’ ai voté aujourd’hui .
Ce n’ est pas une coïncidence si , après le débat en commission sur mon rapport , une étude ait été commandée - qui est d’ ailleurs toujours en cours - afin d’ analyser et de clarifier la situation des agences européennes .
there has not been a decade of television without a definitive dominant tv mom
it is outside my area of study
making the most of it will require realism courage willingness to change and a readiness to support change particularly among those who have the greatest means to do so
Faites simplement votre travail !
commercial ventures came to be regularly treated as corporations only in the 19 th century
Monsieur le Président , beaucoup de villes de l' Union européenne accusent des retards .
what we believe is that the internet frankly is a connection of people and ideas
Il doute que je tienne ma promesse .
Ce ne sont ni des assassins ni des terroristes .
mr president i would like to personally congratulate you on your own efforts and those of my prime minister bertie ahern with regard to the northern ireland peace agreement of 10 april
Les protéagineux constituent un élément important du secteur des fourrages , et sont donc un facteur économique significatif .
Je n' ai pas encore réuni le courage de le lui dire .
i hope that the great majority of this house supports them
although the usefulness of this is not a matter of doubt i do wonder whether the proposal put before us by the irish presidency really does represent an acceptable position and whether we might be creating a bureaucratic monster
Bien entendu nous discutons le contenu des politiques : c' est au cœur de tout ce que nous faisons !
one two three and four
Je vous serais très reconnaissant d’ agir au nom du Parlement et de faire part de notre préoccupation quant aux violations des droits de l’ homme en Colombie .
Ainsi que d' autres avant moi l' ont fait remarquer , nous sommes très fiers de ce que l' accord de Cotonou représente des accords contractuels contraignants avec 78 pays de l' Afrique , des Caraïbes et du Pacifique .
Or l' opacité des indicateurs financiers fait qu' il est impossible d' imposer une discipline sur le marché .
Il peut cependant s' agir d' un événement ponctuel lié au déménagement de l' Agence dans ses bureaux définitifs .
it is also pathetic to read the wording in both these reports with regard to the funding of climate policy and energy policy
Mais alors , ne subventionnez pas votre agriculture .
Il est dans le service depuis cinquante ans .
Elle appartient au club de tennis .
T' as une nouille sur le pif .
i believe that we need not only to evaluate the effectiveness of all anti - terrorism measures to date but also to take careful stock of our progress which must not consist merely of a series of reactions to terrorist activity
that brings me to the question of what the technical issues mean in relation to the third chapter of the constitutional treaty
how negotiations are proceeding there we still do not know
Je suis très heureux de te voir .
this is the first i have heard about the common position arrived at yesterday and i absolutely agree with his point that it simply is not good enough
it is critical that we get it right
why not apply treaty - based enhanced cooperation within the treaties with a central role for the european commission
Avant de conclure , je voudrais également adresser mes félicitations à la présidence espagnole pour l' excellent travail qu' elle a réalisé en ce qui concerne la préparation du sommet .
while some member states already have robust protection measures and structures in place in other member states the situation is still very precarious
they 've sequenced approximately equally as many people in europe and in china
S' il vous plaît , prenez une chaise et venez jouer avec nous .
Si nous créons un tel comité avec au minimum quatre membres issus des États membres , verrons - nous une coopération entre les agences nationales pour l' emploi , ce qui est une des propositions du président Santer ?
you have a point there
polanski was not innocent but he too may have fallen victim to the same combination of a judge ’s desire to bring down a famous man and a sensation - starved media
we must follow the regulations
Ailleurs , les chiffres sont bien plus faibles .
Madame la Présidente , Mesdames et Messieurs les Députés , comme les autres institutions de l' Union européenne , la Commission suit , vous l' imaginez , avec une grande attention l' évolution des événements en Côte - d' Ivoire depuis le début du soulèvement militaire le 19 septembre dernier .
it states that pauline green london north pse requested the house to delay the vote on the motions for resolution scheduled for voting on wednesday at 12 noon
Open Doors International a dressé la liste des 10 pays dans lesquels les chrétiens subissent le plus de violences au monde .
that 's not going to be changed at all
they made love
they would reduce the duration of the programme to three years which would prevent us from achieving proper implementation and evaluation of the proposed actions
amendments nos 7 8 and 15 do not precisely correspond to the objectives of the proposal and therefore it is not appropriate to accept them
the well - being of the people must come first
Ce projet de résolution constitue une masse textuelle confuse où tout ce qu’ une personne civilisée souhaiterait voir appliqué est abordé sans le moindre égard pour les principes de subsidiarité et de proportionnalité .
Après tout , plusieurs sortes d' organismes , même les regroupements les moins organisés , peuvent adopter une prise de décision majoritaire .
the term family reason in the amendment is in my view too vague
Ainsi , le titre devrait être changé conformément à la motion 16 , pour que le contenu devienne plus clair .
Si tu ne veux pas le faire , ne le fais pas !
Le véritable problème de l’ héritage de M. Greenspan concerne cependant l’ évolution de l’ économie américaine au cours des cinq dernières années , évolution dont il est en grande partie responsable .
you do n't need to go there
Il remonta une grosse truite .
its significance for the everyday lives of our citizens has continued to increase
there is over 500 separate components
the situation that we should have and that we are aiming for is one where we use the media in a competent way but we are not ourselves exploited and that is what we should be working towards
however as i said during the debate in february the commission would come forward with a communication to address the issues surrounding the posting of workers which articles 24 and 25 were designed to address
Le Parlement voulait que la Commission présente une proposition par rapport à laquelle le Parlement et le Conseil prendraient ensuite une décision .
Les avantages sont nombreux : davantage d' emploi , de revenus , de recettes fiscales et , avant tout , de sources d' énergie renouvelables .
my group will overwhelmingly vote against mr barroso and we urge anybody in this house that wants to stop the european constitution to use this opportunity today to send a message
we lack a common policy on many issues and there is still deep disagreement over foreign policy
par écrit . - ( EN ) Je soutiens le rapport de Maria Badia i Cutchet .
Je condamne fortement les accords bilatéraux commerciaux qui , au mépris d' un accord signé avec l' Organisation mondiale du commerce , continuent de faire primer les intérêts commerciaux sur la santé .
it will be an extremely delicate matter as you will be aware that the member states are very divided on this issue
i do n't know when he got back from france
i welcome this report which is a response to the trends resulting in demographic changes
thank you mr michel
we should stick to the same formula that we have already adopted so as to have consistency in the text
she always fed her children before she fed her dog
i am happy with that outcome
i do not believe that there should be any contradiction in this
the national authorities must apply the action plans already
Je salue ce document car une action rapide à l' échelle européenne s' impose , en particulier à l' égard des jeunes : l' augmentation continue du chômage des jeunes est l' un des défis que l' Europe se doit de relever de toute urgence .
get up early or you 'll be late
we have to bring back lebanese businessmen to increase investors ’ confidence in their country and we have to stop iran from smuggling uranium otherwise regional war will turn into a global problem
of its funding 50 % is yet to be spent
Ensuite , nos remarques dans ce rapport concernant la structure réglementaire et le groupe européen des autorités réglementaires sont importantes .
Alors oui , utilisons tous les moyens à notre disposition pour assurer la sécurité et permettre que l’ Union européenne vive tranquillement .
Refléter ne serait - ce que 1 à 2 % du total de la lumière du soleil qui frappe la terre pourrait compenser autant de réchauffement que celui causé par le doublement des niveaux préindustriels de gaz à effet de serre .
Mais les entrées de fonds à travers les OPC monétaires ne sont pas si mauvaises pour les banques , qui obtiennent de l' argent sans devoir mettre de côté des réserves ni payer une assurance - dépôts .
the foundation has been laid for creating a common european energy market based on rules set out in detail in the binding network codes
mrs wils compared this regulation with the passenger car regulation
various studies show that tall men are often favored and that corporate ceos are taller than average
relations with brazil expose other difficulties
Tout cela est bien , mais nous avons besoin aussi d’ une autre manière d’ aborder le travail législatif .
increasing risk aversion is leading economic agents to adopt a wait - and - see stance that makes the slowdown partly self - fulfilling
C’ est là qu’ une incertitude de taille pèse sur Lagarde : quelle est sa position concernant l’ adhésion de la Turquie à l’ Union européenne ?
Il soulignera le fait que nous devons à présent nous concentrer sur sa mise en œuvre et , dans cet esprit , activer la nouvelle phase de la stratégie révisée de Lisbonne .
Une autre question très importante qui est actuellement examinée porte sur le lien entre tout marquage spécifique pour les consommateurs et tous les autres marquages , dont le marquage CE .
La teneur de ces réunions souligne d’ autant plus le dysfonctionnement de la Banque mondiale , qui ne date d’ ailleurs pas de la présidence catastrophique de Wolfowitz .
La situation ne s' est pas améliorée depuis notre dernière résolution , bien au contraire .
try to explain it to members of the general public and - even if you can do it - how are they to understand it
Il y a , en outre , plusieurs raisons à cela .
C' est merveilleux de pouvoir chanter ensemble à nouveau ! "
at the same time there is a strict ban on discrimination
demographic challenge and solidarity between generations
what relieves the pain
Alors , j' ai simplement commencé à jouer .
i put my hand on her shoulder
La pauvreté , l’ absence de protection sociale et la nécessaire inclusion sociale sont des problèmes qui se font sentir de manière plus aiguë dans les nouveaux États membres .
so i was wondering like what is this thing in front of me this computer thing
the latter course would arguably keep iran within the scope of the nuclear non - proliferation treaty npt to which it is a signatory
i urge you to support this resolution which aims at supporting the present attempts by the guatemalan authorities to bring to justice rios montt as well as a number of other despicable criminals
Les conditions familiales jouent un rôle primordial quand il faut inculquer aux enfants des valeurs saines .
On peut dire que Take Care est un succès .
Je sais que la question des services ne relevant pas du contrôle légal et fournis auprès de l’ entité contrôlée est particulièrement délicate .
liberals and democrats will not compromise europe ’s long - term interests
until then markets will keep pressure on sovereign spreads making a self - fulfilling crisis likely
so ideally what you want to do is a trial
until one day in ninth grade when i was standing with a number of the football players
La révision à mi-parcours de la politique agricole commune permettra d’ allouer une superficie accrue aux cultures alternatives .
J' invite la Commission européenne à intensifier son assistance médicale auprès de la population civile du Congo .
C' est ce que je fais en effet , en matière de transport , dans les ports , dans les autres secteurs du transport et en matière d' énergie .
Nous devrions nous montrer compatissants dans nos rapports .
Je gagne ma vie en infiltrant les vôtres .
Si le transporteur n' offre pas ce choix , les passagers ont droit à une indemnité en plus du remboursement du prix du billet .
Toutefois , la démocratie ne peut consister en une participation - par exemple - des entreprises , en des forums arbitraires ou en des consultations à caractère particulier .
Si l' on considère l' année à venir , la crise économique , il y a beaucoup de choses auxquelles nous devons à présent nous mettre , et l' enseignement et la formation jouent réellement un rôle clé .
L' objectif n' est certainement pas d' harmoniser ces matières , comme nous avions pris l' habitude de le faire dans les domaines d' intervention classique de la Communauté .
On s' attend à ce qu' il rentre bientôt à la maison .
article 290 of the treaty on the functioning of the european union grants parliament the power to object to or revoke certain decisions proposed by the commission on where and how money is spent ..
C' est le minimum auquel les citoyens européens peuvent s' attendre .
her red dress made her stand out
Puis , en 1994 , le comité d' entreprise européen a pu être adopté .
so whether we drink little or much the damage is there
that is why we are particularly pleased to have been involved in completing this great task which is so important for all the member states of the european union
everything that has to do with enlargement is politically sensitive but we have to make sure that in this area too things are done properly in budgetary terms
however unlike the member states the commission is not a shareholder in the bank it is not a member of the board of directors and can only take note of mr wolfowitz 's decision to resign
La présidence ne peut pas être préparée à cette question .
C' était évitable .
over billions of years on a unique sphere chance has painted a thin covering of life complex improbable wonderful and fragile
Vous voyez où c' est ? C' était sur une fenêtre .
this is a message that the commission will strive to communicate in the weeks ahead
i feel so embarrassed
La participation du groupement de recherche au comité directeur de l' entreprise commune a été jugée nécessaire en raison de l' importance de la recherche fondamentale pour cette initiative technologique conjointe ( ITC ) .
russia can still achieve wto accession before the end of 2011 if it can take the necessary decisions to resolve the handful of outstanding issues at multilateral level
D' autre part , le rapport ne manque pas de propositions en vue d' adopter une approche néolibérale au cadre réglementaire .
Le Parlement a par ailleurs souligné le rôle que le FEM peut jouer en matière de réinsertion sur le marché du travail des travailleurs licenciés .
Le deuxième amendement prévoit essentiellement que la liste des substances végétales qui doit être établie par le comité des médicaments à base de plantes n’ englobe que l’ utilisation à des fins thérapeutiques de substances végétales .
Et après cela -- j' étais vraiment saoul -- on m' a demandé de faire des croquis sur des serviettes en papier .
mr president the gradual creation of an area of freedom security and justice has constantly been held up as one of the successes of the amsterdam treaty
i have just learned that it is mr böge 's birthday today and wish to offer him my sincere congratulations
a profound revision of the existing treaties sounds like tearing up the rule book to me
La position communautaire mérite une appréciation positive en ce qui concerne l' interprétation uniforme de la directive dans tous les États membres .
she 's going to love this
by ignoring my simple request and by maintaining that these free holidays do not constitute a conflict of interests mr barroso has put himself in an unenviable position
the street is clogged with traffic
- Monsieur le Président , au nom du groupe Verts / ALE , je voudrais , en trois minutes , vous faire part de quelques commentaires en style télégraphique .
Si l' on compare ces montants à ce qui est dépensé par les gouvernements ou les chefs d' État ou de gouvernement , vous verrez qu' ils sont très faibles par comparaison .
it is a fragile heritage
Il se tourna vers les cieux .
Maintenant le système peut être inhibé de bien d' autres façons .
Le fait est que les produits phytopharmaceutiques sont un élément important de l' agriculture moderne .
Dans ce contexte , j' aimerais beaucoup que soit introduit un régime de retraite en leur faveur associé à l' installation d' un jeune agriculteur .
but this promising start follows a long trail of failures to create inflation futures owing to the public ’s lack of interest
Pour conclure , je salue les déclarations de la Commission et de M. Cushnahan , mais constate à regret que la déclaration du Conseil porte préjudice à cette Assemblée et constitue une insulte à notre intelligence et à ce que nous représentons .
we are at an all - time low in the short history of the euro so the helsinki european council should devote some time to the issue of the external representation of the euro zone
they have not been heard from since
i do so in the hope that we will see meaningful cooperation between member states in the eradication of violence and terrorism
Mais tout d' abord quelques mots sur ce groupe d' artistes , de scientifiques , d' ingénieurs , qui travaillent ensemble .
Deuxièmement , l’ expérimentation a été positive en ce sens qu’ elle a induit des changements quasi structurels dans certains pays , en six ans .
but if you need to reach more places than just one you need to move the robot and you need to put some new incisions in there
however it is a lot better than the existential threat from the soviet union and even at that time we engaged in talks with the russians
Toutefois , il existe un vide juridique grave , car ces agressions sexuelles sont traitées par la juridiction militaire en tant qu' abus de pouvoir et non pas en tant que violations des droits de l' homme .
we have also had distressing reports of public executions torture stoning decapitation and amputation
C' est dans leur intérêt , surtout , que nous voterons demain le rapport sur la proposition de directive concernant la lutte contre le retard de paiement .
La taille de mon chien est presque la moitié de celle du vôtre .
Tu passes trop de temps avec elle .
how is he getting along with his school work
medium - term financial planning is a procedure established in the treaty for which a regulation must be enacted
but kasparov quickly adjusted to exploit the computer ’s weakness in long - term strategic planning where his judgment and intuition seemed to trump the computer ’s mechanical counting
Le chômage est la principale cause de la pauvreté .
Pour y parvenir , il est absolument crucial de garantir un système efficace d' équivalence des qualifications , non seulement en termes de diplômes et de titres , mais en termes de formation pour les salariés tout au long de leur vie professionnelle .
unfortunately however as other speakers have already pointed out the commission takes the view that this ban should be postponed for two years
here the world is uni - polar
dr fola was expert at doing a lot with a little
Ceux - là sont des pays Africains .
Quoiqu' on en dise , je pense que le marché doit compter et qu' un diplôme peut cacher un imbécile .
make no mistake an orderly euro exit by greece implies significant economic pain
De nombreux navetteurs quotidiens grèveront le marché de l' emploi déjà tendu - rien qu' en Brandebourg et Mecklembourg - Poméranie occidentale , un taux de chômage supérieur à 20 % n' est pas rare .
Nous partageons tellement avec la Russie : de nombreux aspects géographiques , et dans un certain sens , trop d' histoire .
however the member states have differing opinions on the question of whether nuclear energy has a role to play in reducing co2 emissions
Le féminisme n' a jamais été sexy mais soyez - en certains ça ne m' a jamais empêchée de flirter et d' avoir des hommes autour de moi .
Vous n' êtes pas malade .
to me it seems not so much a free choice as a mandatory solution without any alternatives
we are dealing here with a phenomenon which is already significant and is increasing constantly 10 % of families with children are in this situation
i therefore look forward to rapid progress with this legislation and i am also glad to accept amendments nos 6 and 7
CA : Et si quelqu' un pouvait vous convaincre que nous pouvons vraiment réaliser -- quel était le chiffre ? -- cette amélioration par 130 de notre efficacité dans la réduction de notre empreinte carbone , est -ce qu' alors vous tiendriez toujours à une croissance économique composée de biens centrés sur la connaissance ?
as time goes by we come to realise that it is absolutely crucial to have that vital tool at our disposal
the cat ca n't do that
however those difficulties should not under any circumstances be an excuse for not moving forward
mr president i would like to start by thanking commissioner mandelson for the spirit of openness he showed the four of us who made up parliament ’s delegation in geneva last weekend
a single etf will not have the intrinsic qualities of national flavour
Je peux avoir un reçu ?
L' émission s' intitule " Seascapes " .
J' irais jusqu' à dire qu' ils se sont comportés de manière incorrecte à l' égard du Parlement européen .
Le message clair des objectifs du millénaire pour le développement de 2005 se concentre sur les systèmes de santé .
it was all these things
i just wanted to bring to the house 's attention the sensitivity at the moment certainly in the uk of budgetary cuts that are affecting local authorities
we must work together if we are to meet this challenge
Nous ne devons pas oublier non plus notre désir de voir la Commission européenne dotée dans ce domaine de moyens humains et matériels qui lui permettent de mener à bien sa tâche de la meilleure façon possible .
La Commission tiendra d' autre part sa promesse d' entreprendre une consultation , en particulier avec les constructeurs automobiles et les fabricants de pièces détachées , afin d' examiner les possibilités de parvenir à un accord volontaire au sujet des pièces détachées .
with your help i would like to try to tidy up the report a little and remove a number of redundant items
. - Monsieur le Président , la Liste de juin soutient la proposition portant sur les quatre libertés du marché intérieur .
finland wants to revitalise this debate both at home and in the european union
Il me semble important qu' une référence puisse déjà être faite avec le rapport Langen , référence que nous pourrons peut - être approfondir par la suite pour nous insérer dans le débat global .
we must call upon pakistan 's politicians to unite and invest in that process
worse whenever moscow persists in its demands lukashenko abrogates agreements without a twinge of conscience
the original proposal for 50 % cofinancing is the standard formula which has been retained for all previous european years
but this is no solution to the present problem
it is n't money it 's only one thing -- it 's the committed passionate human mind
since 1992 for almost one decade now all cooperation agreements between the european union and third countries have incorporated a clause defining human rights as an essential element of the agreement
Il ne sert donc à rien de renforcer la sécurité des passeports si nous négligeons les autres éléments de la chaîne .
mr president on a point of order i have tabled amendments to this because it is a very unusual procedure
En même temps , ces mesures ne doivent pas déboucher sur un découpage et un protectionnisme car la mobilité doit être garantie .
Quand nous avons commencé nos recherches sur Stuxnet il y a 6 mois , on ignorait complètement le but de la chose .
and he said well there 's 2,000 physicists on wall street now and i 'm one of them
J' ai l' habitude de les exhorter à se renseigner sur ce qu' il en est des possibilités liées aux Fonds structurels .
we hope we can count on your continued involvement in future negotiations
Je crois donc qu' il faut vraiment une étude très large et qu' il ne faut exclure évidemment aucune des formes de totalitarisme .
all of this is taking place in front of our eyes and yet the european parliament is unable to set up a credible programme with appropriate budgetary resources in order to take measures in these parts of the world
as i said we will have to see how the vote goes tomorrow
Le schéma de ces interactions determine si les fourmis ressortent , et ce qu' elles font en sortant .
a key matter is definitely the need to improve coordination between community institutions and member states
L' une d' elles , la Plate - forme d' action européenne " Alimentation , activité physique et santé " , poursuit cet objectif .
my brother watches television
teachers should deal fairly with their students
as the third of these urgent matters we are due to discuss the situation in azerbaijan
the first is human rights abuses in kashmir and the second is the fight against terrorism
J’ en termine en lançant un appel pour que les droits de l’ homme et la démocratie soient davantage pris en considération dans les discussions au sein de l’ APEM , comme nous y invite le Prix Sakharov 2005 , Reporters sans frontières .
mais plutôt des baleines à bosse .
what forms of treatment are available to them
i should like to make three observations
J' espère que nous aurons une forte majorité à l' Assemblée jeudi , et j' attends cela avec impatience .
i think it is to the committee 's enormous credit that it has now also concurred with the view that both institutions which are held in an institutional balance must each have their own chance to withdraw a proposal
L’ oppression , les meurtres et les humiliations qui pèsent aujourd’hui sur les musulmans n’ ont lieu que parce que nous sommes faibles , contrairement à nos prédécesseurs .
Il n' en a pas . Je le mets aux voix .
La betterave sucrière peut constituer une alternative agricole économiquement viable , en renforçant la possibilité de rotation des cultures et en contribuant dans certaines régions à l' accroissement du revenu agricole .
and russia and china continue to provide diplomatic cover with iran sending material support
Tremblement de terre en Iran
Ceci vous permet de capter plusieurs points à la fois .
C' est pour cette raison que nous demandons d' intégrer cela dans le programme de cette session .
the eu will be deploying an election assessment team to iraq to assess the election and make targeted recommendations
jim is not a lawyer but a doctor
Exiger une telle circonscription revient à parodier la démocratie .
following the first reading of this proposal in parliament the commission approved or reformulated 20 of the 29 amendments you proposed
L' autre concerne certaines chaussures avec des empeignes en tissu en provenance de la République de Chine et de l' Indonésie .
and with global growth weakening further in 2012 those battles could escalate into trade wars
À l' avenir , nous devrions dès lors trouver autre chose .
is there european added value in respect of national public spending
Nous parlons ici d' une spéculation démesurée , insupportable à long terme .
La Commission a ratifié ces accords malgré le fait qu' Israël possédait un accord signé par l' Autorité palestinienne selon lequel Israël était responsable des questions douanières concernant les produits exportés des colonies .
Regarde cet oiseau qui vole .
unfortunately our frequent predictions our fears that this crisis might spread to neighbouring countries have been confirmed in recent days
Pourquoi faisons - nous toujours cette distinction hypocrite lorsque nous traitons avec le Hezbollah et quand commencerons - nous enfin à combattre cette organisation dans son ensemble par tous les moyens , comme nous le faisons pour le Hamas ?
Il est donc tout simplement déplorable que le rapport contienne autant de négligences , d' accusations non fondées et d' inexactitudes .
Le Parlement européen agit , une fois encore , en vue de bloquer ces plans , pour garantir que les États membres conservent leurs prérogatives dans ce domaine tout en respectant leurs obligations internationales .
. - Monsieur le Président , je suis ravi d’ avoir l’ occasion de vous présenter aujourd’hui les résultats de notre évaluation des préparatifs à l’ adhésion de la Bulgarie et de la Roumanie et de pouvoir en discuter avec vous .
Mais nous espérons qu' il vont partager les meilleures pratiques existantes , et nous essayons de les mettre à leur disposition .
Lors des Conseils de Feira , de Stockholm et de Göteborg , on en a rappelé la nécessité et l' urgence .
Nous avons même une commission spécialement chargée de cette question , mais nous accusons un certain retard en termes de mise en application .
Les sociétés européennes ne devraient tolérer bien sûr ni la criminalité ni les comportements anti-sociaux .
Il avait 498 personnes pour préparer son dîner tous les soirs .
Nous prenons acte de la déclaration du ministre coordinateur des affaires politiques et de la sécurité , M.Yudhoyono , aux termes de laquelle son gouvernement respectera la Convention de Genève et le droit humanitaire dans la province d' Aceh .
who watches the watchers
La Commission estime par conséquent qu' un modèle institutionnel définitif doit être aménagé pour assurer l' avenir de la Somalie , en premier lieu par les Somaliens eux - mêmes dans le cadre d' un dialogue nourri et des concertations démocratiques .
ak other emotional stuff
Elle se ménagea afin d' apprendre à conduire une voiture .
what train you are going to take
because of the government 's inactivity such barriers are rising across the indonesian archipelago
sme restructuring and redundancies in smaller member states which has a serious impact on national regional and local economies will benefit very little from the egaf
Deuxièmement , qui peut demander une autorisation ?
this is a high - altitude helium balloon
restrictions on advertising and the display of pornographic images are doubtless the minimum which is needed
i know dr carolyn porco is the camera p.i
Vous allez bientôt l' apprécier .
but even though that particular country 's economy is doing well we must extend the transport infrastructure to promote the economic structure of slovenia which is in need of reform
À partir de demain , cette adresse électronique sera invalide .
Mais l’ équilibre de puissance économique entre les deux est en train de changer .
Après plusieurs années d' instabilité en Irlande , un fonds appelé FII a été créé pour garantir la stabilité économique et financière dans la région .
Il est incontestable que l' internet exerce maintenant un rôle public , qui influence non seulement la vie quotidienne , mais aussi les mouvements collectifs , les idées politiques , et les stratégies de communication .
we must do everything we can via our action plan but we must also find a solution to this very difficult problem
for somebody to write that the finishing line has been crossed is a total falsehood
Le fascisme l’ a fait par les armes et certains semblent lorgner sur ses intentions . Soixante - cinq ans plus tard , d’ autres armes telles que l’ argent et la propagande sont utilisées pour la même raison .
Je trouve scandaleux que le Parlement européen veuille maintenir la possibilité de placer des citoyens hors du cadre légal en raison de leur orientation sexuelle .
it is a subject we have been talking about ever since i have been in the house
La clôture des relevés et des analyses ainsi que la présentation du rapport final sont prévues pour septembre 2003 .
Le robot que je tiens dans ma main est de ce type , et il a été créé par deux étudiants , Alex et Daniel .
we the parliament have no formal rule in relation to agreements like this
i 'm really scared
Les cellules souches embryonnaires se distinguent des cellules souches ordinaires en ce qu’ elles ne sont pas encore différenciées et que , en conséquence , n’ importe quel élément de l’ organisme humain peut être cultivé à partir de ces cellules .
fundamental rights even in free and democratic societies need to be protected and promoted
as regards terrorism a truly obvious question must be asked
Objet : Sociétés en partenariat d' Irlande
J' ai eu des problèmes avec la justice , une affaire civile qui a duré longtemps .
in january 2002 american right - wingers were terrified of a leftist revolution in brazil
the financial transaction tax is not a tax on the financial sector it is another indirect tax
she is sharp
Un exemple : seulement 8 élèves du CCG sont venus en Europe l' année dernière au titre d' Erasmus Mundus .
the kyoto protocol represented the international community ’s attempt to begin to deal with global warming in a fair and efficient way
Ce n’ est pas ce que nous disons .
another aspect that is considered in this mid - term review is the environment especially against the background of the wto negotiations in singapore i certainly want to congratulate the commission on its success in this area
Il s' agit d' une situation absurde , et cela compromet aussi les États membres de l' UE , car ils ne s' occupent pas de ce problème social très important .
Vous n' avez jamais vu , une femme japonaise plus confuse .
Donc ceci - on va zoomer .
Mais les objectifs fondamentaux constituent un tout organique .
yet from one government to the next the result will be massively uneven – a recurring problem during europe ’s multi - decade drive for internal currency stability
mere promises by the recipient history tells us are not enough
Il n' y a pas de mère qui n' aime ses enfants .
and according to herodotus they passed 18 years this way surviving through a famine by eating on one day and playing games on the next
the way in which a government treats its citizens is a matter of legitimate public and international concern
another point i feel i must make concerns the directive on carbon dioxide storage
C' est diriger l' Union européenne selon la méthode européenne .
they do n't do it as much as they should but they do it
as a result tensions between the police who are increasingly perceived as “ outsiders ” and residents have grown to all - time highs
well i can look at this one and i can be very proud of this because that statue has always sort of kept an image in my head of you know the beginning of people coming to america
if we can work together to ensure that a rules - based economic system is respected and strengthened in the dda then the rapid economic growth in china will benefit the eu and the rest of the world
that is the original wording which met with general approval and so we propose that it be included at this point
when a holiday falls on sunday we have an extra holiday on monday
i ask parliament 's forgiveness for not seeking to respond to every specific point that has been raised during the course of what has been a long but nonetheless illuminating debate
L' OMC prédit une diminution de la valeur du commerce mondial pouvant atteindre jusqu' à 9 % .
En plein écroulement économique , le pays reste agressif . Par l' intermédiaire de son allié au Liban , le Hezbollah , il a lancé avec succès au moins un drone au - dessus d' Israël et serait à l' origine de cyber-attaques qui ont eu lieu récemment .
we can also tag and track fishing vessels
Deuxièmement , la commission sociale estime qu' il faut réduire les charges fiscales sur le facteur de production travail . Par contre , le facteur environnement doit être taxé en vue de réaliser les objectifs de promotion de l' emploi .
Où en sont à ce jour les tests de résistance des banques , maintenant que les banques irlandaises semblent absolument sous-capitalisées et stressées ?
Observés attentivement , les médias sociaux peuvent s' interpréter , de la même manière que les nuages annoncent la tempête .
La dignité humaine doit être respectée lors des contrôles aux frontières et toute discrimination de quelque nature que ce soit est interdite .
lastly i want to say a word on ms lulling who for many years has fought personally for this issue
the second more invidious assumption of the opponents of park 51 concerns what happened in september 2001
i am opposed to wordings of this type and have voted against the report as a whole
Ses capteurs regardent en même temps devant et derrière lui , permettant de faire de nouvelles explorations pendant qu' il est toujours en train de produire la géométrie de ce qu' il vient de traverser .
La Convention sur l' avenir de l' Union européenne débute demain .
Ce qui à l' origine ressemblait à une idée peu orthodoxe et inacceptable devint par la suite la nouvelle pensée orthodoxe que la plupart des citoyens accepta .
the resolution is right to draw attention to these options
she 's wearing a great - looking hat
i should just like to observe by way of a supplementary question that ratification is extremely important but often it is not enough
he employed 200 people
it is therefore vital that it obtains parliament ’s support
across an entire city there ’s much more tarmac than there is grass so the air above the city heats up
Enfin , un mot sur le rôle du Parlement : les députés du Parlement devront remplir les fonctions d' observateurs associés à toutes les procédures de négociations et devront veiller aux intérêts de la flotte de pêche européenne .
unemployment is here to stay for some time in most of our countries and that is a very very serious situation it calls for european and national solutions
La théorie qui veut que ces meurtres soient l' effet d' une " coïncidence " n' est pas crédible .
i also share the council 's view on the importance of the community acting in a consistent manner
eures contributes to making the european employment market more flexible and increasingly mobile and provides a range of opportunities for vocational training in cross - border regions
Il a fallu trois ans à la Slovénie pour faire ce pas , et je crois que la Macédoine ne devrait pas attendre plus longtemps pour le faire elle aussi .
ce débat sur la voiturette de golf semble être un débat sur l' équité , sur la nature d' un avantage injuste .
thus the political effect of intellectuals is rarely immediate
Le prochain sommet devra ajuster ces décisions aux nouvelles réalités économiques globales et définir une politique environnementale qui ne soit plus portée par l' illusion que l' Union européenne peut porter toute seule le poids de la lutte contre le changement climatique .
Les investisseurs et les autorités de pays où prévalent les sociétés contrôlées devraient cesser d’ utiliser des normes de gouvernance mondiale basées sur une expérience avec des sociétés américaines à actionnariat dispersé .
el madam president commissioner after chernobyl we all understand the nuclear risk
the report adopted by the industry committee and the text of the general approach adopted by the council clearly go in the same direction
are we to do this through stress tests
Plusieurs pays ont aggravé le problème en encourageant les départs en retraite anticipée ou , dans le cas de la France , en adoptant de soi - disant panacées de création d’ emplois comme la semaine de travail de 35 heures .
she 's ready to go
J' espère vraiment que ce rapport mettra principalement l' accent sur le cadre d' action , le cadre susceptible de définir les méthodes de réduction et même d' éradication de la pauvreté en Europe .
this is surely the way forward
C' est en effet un autre sujet .
Rien au monde n' est plus terrible que la perte d' un être aimé .
and in the three months that this project has been public
it could not be better
leaves are falling
Monsieur le Président , les aides d' État constituent une exception par rapport à la libre concurrence et à une concurrence d' égal à égal .
the report therefore supports further research into measurable criteria for compliance with the guidelines
C' est pourquoi nous devons au moins obliger la Commission à examiner la question d' une réduction des valeurs limites deux ans après la mise en oeuvre de la directive .
it changes the european union 's self - image regarding the importance of culture and its strategic importance to policy as a whole
Elle aime jouer avec cet agneau .
Une justice trop lente est un déni de justice , non seulement pour les suspects , mais aussi pour les victimes .
Contrairement à beaucoup d' autres questions , c' est un domaine où il n' existe pas de marché .
i voted in favour of the report on eu agriculture and climate change because it puts forward specific measures that can contribute to making agriculture more sustainable
what it is is intelligence is defined by prediction
so it seems that the liquids for some reason we do n't understand or during at least this season are apparently at the poles of titan
and if they do so then of course the conditions improve and they start riding on scooters
Nous nous sentons concernés par toute volonté de favoriser une retraite privée du troisième pilier et nous convenons qu' il est essentiel pour les personnes de disposer d' informations claires et appropriées .
Le contexte diffère , mais le résultat est le même .
but i suspect even the non - radiologists in the room can find the tumor on the mbi image
nowadays many scoff at that notion as too simplistic
Il soutient la proposition de la Commission européenne quant aux critères de l' objectif 1 mais maintient toutefois que le Parlement européen doit scrupuleusement examiner les exceptions indispensables .
it is unacceptable to continue with this pressure now that the treaty has been rejected
Si nous voulons que l' Union européenne et ses citoyens aient un avenir puissant , y compris au niveau mondial , le Parlement et le Conseil doivent trouver un consensus pro-européen .
Lutter contre le terrorisme en fait partie .
on other occasions perhaps we could let matters simmer down before we resume voting
Tu ne m' as pas encore dit où tu vis .
so this is the system that i 'm talking about off the west coast it 's coincident with the tectonic plate the juan de fuca tectonic plate
this authorisation has to be granted pursuant to the process laid down in the regulation and in the form prescribed there
par écrit . - ( IT ) J' ai voté en faveur du rapport de Mme Niebler sur la constitution d' une entreprise commune pour la réalisation du système européen de nouvelle génération pour la gestion du trafic aérien ( SESAR ) .
tom 's house was destroyed by a hurricane
i mean that 's buy three get one free that kind of thing
it is a bit like that with us and cross - border services
J' aurais voulu connaître l' avis du commissaire à ce propos .
On pense qu' il y a de l' eau dans les calottes polaires .
the cancer genome atlas is coming out now
- nl in march 2000 the lisbon summit took a thoughtless decision
in other words it is an insistence on more of the same
india will continue to balance delicately on its tibetan tightrope
finally the commission should start a worldwide debate on the fight against animal diseases
Je voudrais conclure brièvement en disant qu' à mon avis , c' est le problème de l' utilisation des recettes occasionnelles et des contributions des États membres que nous devons retenir de ce débat .
i will also see if it is possible for our information services to distribute the speech through the mass media to reach a wider public than has thus far had access to it
you can not do a wind deal under six dollars an mcf
he is the leader of the opposition in belarus and we have a responsibility to continue to support him
a few honourable members rightly point out that some member states because of their geographical and demographic situation really experience particular pressure on their asylum systems
with regard to the creation of a preparatory convention for the new igc we feel its prime objective is an attempt to limit or impose conditions on the sovereign decisions of governments and national parliaments
patriotism does not permit offence to nations or countries
Qu' entend faire concrètement l' Union européenne pour faire en sorte que d' autres partenaires mondiaux tels que le Brésil et l' Inde s' unissent aux Européens afin de conclure un accord ambitieux à Durban ?
Comment peut - on acheminer la nourriture , l’ eau , les soins médicaux et un toit ?
Nous avons en effet inclus l’ aquaculture dans la définition du secteur de la pêche et le soutien à l’ aquaculture est spécifiquement cité comme l’ un des objectifs et des missions du FEP .
i regret mr president that my first appearance before the honourable members relates to an issue that has caused so much emotion so much frustration and so much passion over recent years
the response contrary to what has been said here has not been a united european response
the public consultation in my mind and in the mind of many of the local people in the community is completely and totally inadequate
Si vous ne supportez pas la vue du sang , si vous tombez dans les pommes facilement - je faisais ce tour à des amis dans ma chambre d' hôtel hier soir à certaines personnes que je ne connaissais pas , et une dame a presque tourné de l' oeil -
En outre , dans les années à venir , la composition de l' Eurogroupe ressemblera de plus en plus à celle du Conseil Ecofin lui - même .
Je crois que les pays moins riches peuvent atteindre le seuil de 3 % que nous avons fixé en utilisant une partie des Fonds structurels eux - mêmes , ce qui irait en direction de la cohésion .
i have received a motion to wind up the debate from the committee on foreign affairs pursuant to rule 110(2 of the rules of procedure
.- La libre circulation des personnes au sein du marché intérieur est l’ une des plus grandes réussites et un des principaux avantages de l’ UE , ce qui présuppose naturellement un marché commun du travail fonctionnant correctement .
i had expected that the members of the european parliament would be given an opportunity to cast a vote on the changes to the treaty being introduced following the amsterdam summit
La première caractéristique de l' ordre libéral est que les démocraties ne doivent pas tolérer ceux qui s' attellent à détruire la démocratie .
american foreign policy assumes that diplomatic relations with iran are somehow an act of approval
the cohesion policy and the use of the funds now and in this subsequent period up to 2020 forms a key part of this
thanks also to the commission for its willingness to hold a dialogue and i hope it will be open to our proposals
Rien ne peut les lier : Nice doit être approuvé , Nice doit être ratifié , sans quoi nous ne pourrons pas faire fonctionner l' Union après l' élargissement à partir de 2004 .
Nous avons constaté , par exemple , que la coopération technique est prévue dans le domaine de l' environnement pour que les voies aériennes les plus efficaces puissent être utilisées dans le futur .
Elle refusa sa proposition .
of course the best solution as always would be for there not to be any hazardous waste
Il s' agit de ne pas laisser s' effilocher ce rapport sur les droits de l' homme .
and he plays with this idea
this does not unfortunately appear to be the case before us or at least it is not clear that the proposal accepts this fundamental principle
Ce rapport est de nature technique , et le groupe socialiste trouve également juste qu' il soit séparé de notre déclaration politique .
when they have their kids 2050 they 'd better look back at grandpa and say hey you gave it a good shot you did the best you could with the team that you had
A moins qu’ un régime soit décidé à tirer à boulet rouge sur ces citoyens , un bouleversement prolongé , pacifique et continu du quotidien s’ avère toujours efficace .
i missed the last bus yesterday
Tout le monde grossit .
you 're already useless
La victoire , ici , n' est pas dans tout ce qui va se passer au niveau politique .
free entry to museums and art galleries - certainly in scotland and the united kingdom - has seen record levels of people visiting cultural institutions
Ce n' est pas beaucoup , n' est ce pas ?
mr crowley unfortunately under the terms of the rules of procedure i can not allow you to take over the questions of members who are not present
L' éducation . Les enfants n' allaient pas à l' école .
Les États membres éprouvent des difficultés avec des dizaines de milliers de migrants défavorisés d' Afrique du Nord , mais la commissaire Malmström les empêche de faire quoi que ce soit à ce sujet .
nor should india and pakistan export nuclear technology or continue to develop and deploy nuclear weapons
this will further regionalisation and the implementation and development of regional chains
Ma mère est à l' hôpital , en ce moment .
Ces propositions soulignaient les points suivants :
En fait , il fait sans doute 20 cm de plus que moi , elle était à peu près de cette taille .
what caused this initial drop in the exchange rate
tobacco is a poison and a drug
it is also a country which has had to suffer long and painful ordeals since independence gained in 1953
Il n' y a que dans les ministères des Affaires étrangères de nos pays que cela n' a pas encore été compris .
as of this year several new and innovative activities will be launched
we are in a dilemma
once again this annual report proves the added value parliament brings to competition policy development and i am grateful for that
i always loved political cartoons so why do n't i do something with the content of my cartoons to make people think about the stupid rules that we 're following as well as laugh
i would like to thank commissioner marcelino oreja aguirre
i love nara particularly in the fall
Je suis aller frapper à la porte de la Chaire Rio Tinto de l' extraction minérale avancée à l' école royale des mines et j' ai dit : « Comment faites - vous de l' acier ? »
true their security from military attack is currently no longer at stake
is the dutch labour party in this cabinet really prepared to sacrifice the fundamental rights to avoid a referendum
Le profit gagné dans le commerce des armes est-il de l' argent propre ?
Le garçon porte des lunettes .
La Commission a conscience que les mesures d' austérité fiscale et de modération salariale peuvent avoir un impact négatif à court terme sur la demande .
Mais nous voyons plutôt une émergence progressive d' innovations comportementales tant sur le territoire africain qu' au - delà de ses limites entre 300 000 et 20 000 années auparavant .
you must forgive me
Depuis , nous avons obtenir environ 50 millions de dollars de subvention pour en arriver là .
achieving these objectives will only be possible if all stakeholders european institutions member states local and regional players join forces
i should like to take up an idea mooted by mrs flautre - the suggestion of providing a team of international experts to assess collateral risk and damage particularly in relation to nuclear facilities
or are coalition governments in a vigorous democracy incapable of such reform
Nous espérons que cette initiative sera à l' ordre du jour du sommet de Séville .
Si nous n' avions pas l' ONU , il faudrait l' inventer .
À Göteborg , le calendrier esquissé dans les conclusions du Sommet de Nice a été précisé .
Elle veut sauver la planète .
Nous devrions inviter le Hamas à se montrer « coopérant » .
Nous mangeons trop de graisse , de sucre et de sel et cela favorise les cardiopathies et le diabète , accentue les risques de cancer , d' accidents vasculaires , de maladies du foie , et même de dépression .
the commission will also engage in developing an analysis of milestones on our pathway to 2050 including the necessary scenarios of the ambition level for 2030
Néanmoins , j’ apprécie beaucoup les contributions de mes collègues .
there are however also many more examples
Cet engagement de prix prendrait effet en période de panique financière .
La décision revient à l’ autorité du Parlement .
Beaucoup d' eau est nécessaire .
Il y faudra du leadership , de la transparence et une bonne communication .
indeed it is not just traditional mass media that are in trouble
how does it serve us what are the precise benefits to us
in short most investors -- while not always the most rational species -- do know a good thing when they see it
it must also abandon its provocative rhetoric on israel and the holocaust and must commit itself to a policy acceptable to the international community of respect for human rights and for opposition parties
500 000 policiers et militaires sous les armes stationnent dans les provinces kurdes où le camp adverse a déjà cessé les combats depuis longtemps .
this language law is primarily aimed at the hungarian community in their ancient homeland of transylvania
Ce fonds apporte une aide individuelle ponctuelle et limitée dans le temps directement aux travailleurs licenciés .
i therefore share the view put forward by many others that after what happened in ireland we must be even clearer in our dealings with the applicant countries
the spanish presidency wants it of course let us also convince everyone else that it is much needed
mr president the eu 's is the only international mission to monitor the implementation of the agreements of last august and september between russia and georgia
Quatre années de calvaire pour Europol . Tout au long de cette période , l' instauration d' Europol a été freinée et empêchée principalement au nom de la prétendue souveraineté nationale .
La guerre n' a pas été justifiée et ne pouvait l' être du fait que Saddam Hussein est un tyran .
Je suppose que vous l' aimez .
la question orale à la Commission sur " Garantir l' approvisionnement de l' Europe en matière d' éléments terrestres rares " , de Iaonnis A. Tsoukalas , Paul Rübig , Daniel Caspary , Birgit Schnieber - Jastram , au nom du groupe du Parti populaire européen ( Démocrates - Chrétiens ) - B7 - 0017/2011 ) ,
everything should be done to bring those guilty of crimes to justice
En outre , grâce à ce programme , les étudiants européens pourront également mettre à profit l' expérience des établissements partenaires du monde entier .
C' est ce qu' il faut .
with regard to the specific issue of the committee on budgets we have made certain amendments to articles 3 and 5 which refer to the responsibilities of parliament to the budget
Elles ont déjà été énumérées . Il faut en outre mentionner le fait que la manière dont les grands membres du Conseil s' y sont pris , par exemple , avec un pays comme l' Autriche , a également joué un rôle .
so the conference in singapore was certainly a success as regards the further opening - up of markets and making further progress towards deregulation
as a side benefit the tax system would be automatically fully and transparently indexed to inflation
there 's water in between the skull and the transducer
C' est à toi de décider ce que tu veux faire .
the implementation of this new security strategy represents a move from the traditional defence of member countries of the atlantic alliance to a concept of global security for the 21st century
certainly french leaders are not immune to corruption
with this report we are calling for a study and for the commission to carry out an assessment
Monsieur le Président , les États membres de l' Union européenne et la Commission européenne ont appuyé de façon coordonnée et résolue les efforts internationaux réalisés en faveur de Mme Safia Husaini .
L’ élargissement qui vient d’ avoir lieu , permettant l’ entrée de dix pays , que la Liste de juin a sincèrement soutenu , pose déjà certains problèmes .
i will fulfill the wish
Je veux dire , ça vous donne juste l' échelle .
these are absolute necessities for democratic success but they require longer - term development of institutional capacity
both the letter and the spirit of the treaty of lisbon are very clear
the explosion frightened the villagers
perhaps this is because they are treated unfairly by comparison with the other players who are paid high wages
Tu ne peux pas nous garder ici .
i had my watch stolen
Comme je suis une économiste et que je pense en termes économiques , je me suis dit tout d' un coup , il doit y avoir quelque chose là .
despite these supply - side threats there have been few signs of an effective european union - wide policy that would reduce dependence on russian energy
" Hé , un gars vient de le trouver " " Oh , vous me sauvez la vie . Voici mon numéro de téléphone .
here is what a first draft might look like
but the interlinking of consulting and auditing practices puts other perverse incentives in place an incentive to please the clients who dislike unfavorable reports
my father ran in the cooking contest and won the first prize
Si votre voiture est en train de rouler en dehors d' Israel c' est qu' elle a été volée .
this is a long - term task that requires close monitoring and measurable progress
Et le deuxième traite d' une nouvelle dimension à laquelle je veux faire référence , qui ne s' est jamais vraiment produite comme c' est le cas à présent .
finally i would like to highlight another real problem the difficulties experienced by some operators when exporting their cereals
Ils doivent être traités avec respect , leur santé et leur bien-être doivent être pris en considération .
Je m' ennuie tout seul à la maison , sans dessins animés ni ordinateur .
La politique budgétaire est infiniment plus complexe par rapport à la politique monétaire car elle comporte une multiplicité de compromis pour concilier les intérêts divergents .
Essayez ces chaussures et voyez si elles vous vont .
“ La participation effective par des membres de tous les groupes raciaux et ethniques à la vie civile de notre nation , ” a déclaré la Cour , “ est essentielle à la réalisation du rêve d' une seule nation indivisible . ”
Je joue à des jeux vidéo .
La fin , Monsieur Solana , ne justifie jamais les moyens .
Le Parlement examine aujourd ' hui , pour une dernière fois , ce texte portant sur les véhicules dits hors d' usage et leur destinée : la destruction ; intention louable par respect pour notre environnement .
Il faut que l' information soit disponible avant le départ et pas une demie heure après .
Puis vous allez au rayon électronique pour chercher une chaîne stéréo -- haut-parleurs , CD , cassettes , tuner , ampli . Dans ce seul magasin d' électronique , il y a tant de systèmes stéréo .
Il quittera bientôt le toit familial .
Il y a cependant certaines choses que je regrette .
Il faut donc rendre la parole à la presse , car elle subit la violence islamiste et les pressions du pouvoir .
Je suis convaincu d' avoir le bon numéro .
En Allemagne , un jeune homme a tué quinze personnes puis s' est donné la mort .
Il serait plus pratique de l' étendre aux catastrophes industrielles et de baisser le seuil de l' incidence financière des catastrophes .
and i wanted to give something back in my own way
Il ne vivra pas plus d' un jour .
i would therefore ask the commissioner to make a note of three things that can be done
" L' amour est venu me rendre visite " L' amour est venu me rendre visite , timide tel une biche .
european consumers are making ever - tougher demands about food safety product quality and production conditions
it makes no reference to the typical example of turkey which has no respect for anything but which ....
in european eyes americans lack such sophisticated understanding and often have no interest in acquiring it seeing the land around and beyond israel as populated largely by greedy oil sheikhs and dangerous religious fanatics
Il faut toutefois éviter une politisation inutile des questions techniques .
Il est très important de mettre de l' ordre dans cette coopération .
C' est le pire film que j' ai jamais vu .
Les Kenyans ordinaires ont joué un rôle crucial pour changer l' issue de ce qui , il y a dix ans , aurait été joué d' avance .
the importance of wage developments in line with our definition of price stability can not be overemphasised
i must go now
Je l' ai appelée Cathy .
and those simple words brought back many thoughts that i had had before about the fusion of our souls into one higher - level entity about the fact that at the core of both our souls lay our identical hopes and dreams for our children about the notion that those hopes were not separate or distinct hopes but were just one hope one clear thing that defined us both that welded us into a unit -- the kind of unit i had but dimly imagined before being married and having children
baroness ashton must not allow herself to be called a communist in this parliament by a man who in france has been convicted of denying the holocaust
Mon intérêt se porte sur le futur parce que je vais passer le reste de ma vie là - bas .
Nous devons encore déterminer si ce septième programme - cadre peut relever ces défis .
Toutefois , cela ne doit pas nous empêcher de soulever ces questions au Parlement .
En pratique , la préparation à l' application du droit communautaire dépend des institutions et du système de procédures , d' incitations et de restrictions .
a detective arrived upon the scene of the crime
i ca n't tell you how happy i am that you 've come to visit us
Ma mère étant malade , je ne pouvais pas aller au concert .
i myself have been to lvov on behalf of the socialist group in the european parliament to support the election campaign of the socialist party of ukraine
Il n' y a pas de véritable politique économique européenne en raison des divergences entre les États membres .
Voilà pourquoi l' Europe ne doit ni ne peut y renoncer .
Au cours des dernières semaines , le Parlement s' est efforcé de se rapprocher du Conseil .
this opportunity is called barack obama
to my mind that is the central issue with renewable energy
Si elle veut jouer un rôle majeur dans le monde , notamment en sa qualité de " puissance douce " , l' Union européenne doit démontrer sa crédibilité .
i am exhausted
indeed china today is increasingly perceived to be undermining the international order while promoting novel interpretations of concepts such as democracy pluralism and representation
to reply to mr bonde 's question i will simply say that he must be aware that this relates to highly confidential matters i am talking of the questions to which he is directly referring
Je ne suis pas d' accord avec vous à ce sujet .
Je déménage , alors j' ai besoin de cartons pour mes affaires .
Jusqu' à présent , aller de Russie à Kaliningrad ou effectuer le voyage inverse ne présentait pas de difficulté administrative particulière .
and at 30 minutes at full power and i was able to finish off the process
C' est pourquoi il faut instaurer cette taxation des transactions financières .
the issue lies in whether or not to exclude pilotage activities in those covered by this directive
like goods services and capital persons too should be able to move around freely
– mr president the frightful terrorist attack on a school in beslan has claimed hundreds of children and their mothers as its victims
some argue that the choice between spending money on carbon cuts and on direct policies is unfair
Je crois que notre devoir est de faire tout ce qui est possible pour que l’ Europe élargie fonctionne .
what 's the positive part of this you know i think wisdom always goes up
we could have already read everything that the council presidency has presented here by way of a briefing to this house in the press
Marc Rabert a construit un robot sauteur , l' Uniroo .
Vous pensez sans doute que la troupe que je commandais c' était tous des commandos au regard d' acier avec de gros poings et qui portaient des armes exotiques .
the president governs for four years
students spend their entire four years at university studying a single subject be it accounting or computer science
it is clear from the voting list that amendment 51 is more far - reaching than amendments 42 and 52 so i would ask that we vote on amendment 51 first and then on amendments 42 and 52
this year about 40 000 refugees from iraq will arrive in european union countries - twice as many as last year - while the usa has accepted barely a several dozen iraqis this year
Néanmoins , quand il s' est agi de mettre les choses en pratique chez soi , ils ont soudain supprimé les incitations fiscales et les consommateurs ont cessé de coopérer .
Elle doit couvrir le handicap , l' âge , la religion , les croyances et l' orientation sexuelle .
Dans l' esprit d' un narrateur il y a une contradiction d' éthique .
Les rois avaient pour habitude de rêver d’ un héritier , car le pouvoir se transmettait à sa propre descendance et se partageait en fonction d’ affiliations tribales .
À nouveau , cette question est complexe et une clarté accrue est nécessaire quant à la répartition des taxes et des redevances pour de telles opérations .
it is our expectation and hope that this will occur during the current irish presidency
Monsieur le Président , je voudrais juste aborder deux questions .
Si le déficit est proche de la valeur de référence ou d' ordre temporaire , d' autres facteurs pertinents doivent toujours être pris en considération , mais ce de manière très équilibrée .
par écrit . - ( FR ) Comme tous les peuples du monde , les Zimbabwéens veulent la paix , la démocratie , la prospérité .
i hope that president lukashenko will take good note of the events in the southern neighbourhood and understand that the only responsible behaviour is democratisation and the social and economic reforms in the country
Ce n' est que de 2,5 cm sur 2,5 cm de taille assez petit .
Essayons quelque chose d' un peu plus difficile .
David Gallo : Voici Bill Lange . Je suis Dave Gallo .
Un permis de séjour permanent sera automatiquement introduit au bout de 5 ans et en règle générale , la protection contre l’ expulsion sera elle aussi accélérée , notamment dans le cas de résidents de longue durée .
supply chains also dispersed geographically with lower value - added components and processes allocated to low - income countries
On a obtenu ces résultats sur plusieurs semaines de travail très dur .
Cette fermeture modifiera certes l’ équilibre dans la région baltique , mais elle ne créera aucune difficulté particulière pour la Lituanie ou d’ autres pays baltes .
i think so too
the european court of justice case made it worse this year but i have to say that in my 4 ½ years experience in this parliament it has been the same every year with the commission
Le bon jeune homme , afin d' éviter des questions embarrassantes , présenta la folle comme sa soeur .
Il va de soi que nous devons faire de notre mieux pour que la procédure reste aussi ouverte et structurée que possible . Je me réjouis d' ailleurs d' entendre , Madame la Commissaire , que c' est aussi un point dont vous allez vous soucier .
Nous discutons aujourd'hui de la mise en œuvre de la stratégie convenue et nous avons un plan d' action .
in urban africa costs - for food and transport in particular - are relatively high which forces wages up
L' Équateur a dû se rendre jusqu' au bout avec un événement de crédit en décembre 2008 pour être en mesure de racheter ses obligations à rabais .
Le rapport traite de la proposition de règlement prévoyant certaines mesures techniques pour réduire le taux de mortalité des juvéniles .
i particularly like paragraph 10 which calls for the principle of secularism in education
Nous irons ensuite de l' avant et nous verrons , comme un honorable député l' a déclaré , qu' il faudrait peut - être , dans certains domaines , moins de seuil de signification et plus dans d' autres .
in an everyday context this is reflected in slogans like “ russia for russians ” which really means white european russians
Ce mécanisme peut être activé par le Conseil à la suite de l' initiative de l' État membre intéressé par une situation de difficulté ou bien à la suite de l' initiative de la Commission .
J' ai fait cela car je crois vraiment que l' informatique mobile est le futur de l' informatique personnelle , et j' essaie de rendre le monde un peu meilleur en travaillant sur ces choses .
Et à partir de ça , nous pouvons produire ces pistes .
Voici la planète Jupiter .
Et ils se trouvent dans la membrane de la cellule , et il y a un pore dedans .
these countries must be included and they must be included in a report of this kind
Au cours des 5 prochaines années , la croissance de la part des services dans le PIB pourrait dépasser l' objectif fixé de 4 points de pourcentage .
Europe 2020 est synonyme de volonté de créer une union politique .
i heard a people who having previously been so happy to have a civilian government were once again pleased that the military had come back to readjust democracy as they put it
C' est pour les 370 millions de personnes qui vivent au sein de l' Union européenne .
we must ensure that the regulations are much clearer so that our clients - namely the european consumers and the subjects of european law - can actually understand them
Pourquoi les richesses du pétrole deviennent une malédiction autant qu’ une bénédiction ?
on stem cell research the production of human embryos for research is unacceptable and it is very unacceptable to most of our citizens as well
the commission therefore decided to launch infringement proceedings against spain on this issue and sent a letter of formal notice on 21 march 2005
Je vous signale par ailleurs que ce point figure à l' ordre du jour de la séance de mercredi .
J' ai voté en faveur de cette décision car les audits effectués par la Cour des comptes et la commission du contrôle budgétaire indiquent que toutes les opérations réalisées par l' Agence sont parfaitement légales et régulières .
i should also like briefly to thank my committee the committee on legal affairs for the confidence which it placed in a neo - parliamentarian someone who has just climbed on board in entrusting me with this sensitive issue
Je crois incontestablement qu' avec ces deux rapports , nous avons aujourd'hui la preuve que nous avons besoin d' une politique commune en matière de migration et d' asile .
author - de mr president quite honestly i think a debate about the developing situation in zimbabwe would be more urgent than all three topics we are debating this week
maybe if i hit the side wall it will bounce around the room
( EN ) Madame la Présidente , ce rapport exprime sa préoccupation pour le fait que la nouvelle constitution kirghize , votée par référendum en octobre 2007 sans véritable débat public , pourrait modifier l' équilibre des pouvoirs .
Il est temps maintenant d' avancer et de présenter des propositions concrètes .
Les représentants de ces gouvernements éliminent ceux qu' ils considèrent comme des trublions et manipulent les procédures d’ octroi de permis de diffusion – en faveur d’ alliés politiques ou pour réduire au silence les voix indépendantes .
Ce Parlement souhaite une réforme institutionnelle , il appuie la présidence dans la réforme institutionnelle . Pourquoi ?
Enfant , je me rendais au bord de mer tous les étés .
Je voudrais gagner ma nourriture pendant que je séjourne chez vous .
Ne pas rechercher l' intérêt de l' UE mais se concentrer uniquement sur la position de paiement net de chaque État membre , voilà ce qu' est le budget de l' Union européenne aujourd'hui .
this requires a targeted strategy
we need solvent financial institutions a stable financial system and above all the restoration of the flow of credit into the real economy
i do not mind saying that i myself make 200 sea crossings a year so i know the ferries
Illustrons cela avec un exemple : un élargissement aux quatre pays Visegrad abaisserait le produit moyen par habitant de l' Union de 7 % environ . Cela signifierait que de nombreuses zones placées actuellement en objectif I ne s' y trouveraient plus .
these weapons are scattered all over greece
Nous attendons naturellement la deuxième lecture du Parlement européen pour aller de l' avant .
Elle devrait également fournir au secteur un cadre juridique et administratif lui permettant de tirer des profits supplémentaires du marché communautaire .
Pire encore , ces chiffres ne sont que les plus récents d' une tendance qui dure maintenant depuis quatre ans et demi .
Il sait aussi parler russe .
it 's the styrofoam and chocolate game
if you dress like that at your age you 'll make a fool of yourself
mr sarkozy says he wants a concentrated constitution and a core group of the six larger member states
" Pouvez - vous me montrer votre billet ? " " Oui , bien sûr . "
Elles doivent réparer leur véhicule .
it is more important than ever for the union to provide the diplomatic impetus to progress the negotiations to achieve peace taking on the pro - active role that becomes it
i would also like to make it clear that the standing veterinary committee and the scientific committee have nothing in common except the word committee
Nous l' avons trouvé vivant .
death comes to all men
Les différences – de culture , de circonstances – abondent .
it was very hard for her to suppress her emotions
Ce sont donc plutôt les pays voisins , l' Érithrée , l' Éthiopie , le Kenya et l' Ouganda qui pourront peut - être trouver une issue à la situation problématique existant au Soudan .
you should assume that email messages are n't private
therefore no abstentions but no participation either
unfortunately this will result in a loss of transparency because citizens will now need to look in two places for the legal basis for this new regulation
Néanmoins , il s' est révélé être un excellent instrument ciblé qui a enregistré des niveaux de dépenses et des résultats excellents , au bénéfice de tous .
i would like to stress that it is impossible to create a two - tier labour market either within or outside the european union
Sachant que la Suède exercera bientôt la présidence de l' UE , il serait raisonnable de commencer à s' occuper de la stratégie pour la mer Baltique afin d' assurer la cohérence entre les présidences .
As - tu écrit ton nom ?
i would like to acknowledge the support of every single one of those ardent europeans who believe in this project for europe
Monsieur le Président , Monsieur le Commissaire , ces faits qui se déroulent aux Philippines sont tragiques .
thus despite official speeches intended to support state intervention morales ’s government benefits mainly from the workings of the market
Et ce qu' on a constaté , c' est que 99 % des patients se sont mis à inverser la progression de leur maladie .
so for better or for worse aquaculture fish farming is going to be a part of our future
Puis - je demander si M. Pronk peut lire à ma place ma contribution de deux minutes lorsque mon nom apparaîtra au tableau ?
Elle se tint près de lui .
En harmonisant les règles à un niveau relativement élevé et en garantissant une certaine flexibilité , je pense que nous atteignons le même objectif , tout en réduisant les risques d' inégalité de traitement des opérateurs dans des conditions similaires .
Cette année , elle est de 6 milliards de livres .
Monsieur Wiersma , je ne vous en veux pas d' être intervenu trois fois aujourd ' hui sur les droits de l' homme ; au contraire , nous avons besoin de parlementaires qui s' expriment sur ce sujet .
the automatic financing mechanisms produce the very opposite of solidarity a sort of organised robbery
some of these have already been referred to i am thinking of the institutional preconditions
first inconsistency is no vice
from time to time us public sentiment has opposed playing an active role in the world and fulfilling our commitments to allies – and indeed to the cause of freedom
Autrefois , quand la souffrance et la mort prématurée étaient choses communes , on avait moins de scrupules à les infliger à quelqu' un d' autre .
i think that is an excellent idea and hope it will be continued
Les Britanniques sont - ils parfaitement au courant de l' ampleur des déplacements de matériaux nucléaires par voie ferrée et maritime en Grande - Bretagne ?
Elle a couvert au maximum moins de 10 % des salaires .
in fact in the second half of 2010 nothing happened
Ce sont les États membres qui doivent assurer un accès libre à l' enseignement , incluant des qualifications dans les domaines informatique et linguistique , ils doivent aussi promouvoir l' apprentissage tout au long de la vie .
Laissez - les s' amuser avec leurs propres règles et croyez - moi , ils vont apprendre des choses qu' on ne peut pas apprendre avec des jouets Dora l' Exploratrice .
On a motivé cette décision par le fait que l' Hadep soutient et assiste le PKK , qui a finalement préféré opté pour la paix plutôt que pour la guerre .
that itself is doubtful to say the least
and i rang sir bob ayling who was ceo of ba at the time and said mate we 've got this invitation
Ces réglementations ne feront guère diminuer le nombre des délocalisations , et en tous cas , elles n' augmenteront pas le volume total des investissements en Europe .
Ah oui , réduire les émissions de CO2 .
Ce lait a un goût bizarre .
Je mourrais peut - être demain .
there is no difficulty in diagnosing saddam hussein as having a severe personality disorder or being seriously disturbed psychologically
we shall look into the case and if appropriate we shall act in accordance with your suggestion
L' industrie aspire avant tout à l' harmonisation et à la stabilité .
the question then becomes how to identify competitive industries and how to formulate and implement policies to facilitate their development
at present the cause of the disease is unknown
power of shape here 's a whale we 've seen that the fins of this whale have tubercles on them and those little bumps actually increase efficiency in for instance the edge of an airplane -- increase efficiency by about 32 percent
if russia is going to throw its weight around it is better to have allies among those affected
Le ton des nouvelles dans les médias sur les derniers événements dans la région pourrait nous amener à envisager la situation avec pessimisme .
yes ladies and gentlemen we must as europeans recognise that space is taking on a strategic defensive dimension
progress has been made in certain areas such as the national action plans on social inclusion and the incorporation of the fight against poverty as a goal in the european charter of fundamental rights
L' objectif de ce rapport était d' utiliser la loi pour régir tous les aspects de la vie , même s' il se concentrait sur certains aspects .
we will look into it and inform you accordingly
Elle le prit pour quelqu' un d' autre .
however i want to focus on the additional weaknesses of that compromise from an animal welfare perspective
Arrêtez d' être aussi idiotes !
nobody talked about europe
the phenomenon of emigration fuelled by situations of crisis and instability has negative implications for the origin country the destination country and the displaced populations themselves
Monsieur le Président , je me félicite de ce débat qui porte sur un sujet d' une importance capitale .
Il ne s' agit peut - être que d' une coïncidence , mais ce débat se produit la semaine suivant celle où , en Italie , les élections ont été fixées .
Je suis heureux que le rapport de cette année souligne les améliorations relatives à l’ utilisation du budget communautaire et que des mesures aient été prises en faveur du renforcement du contrôle financier .
you 're running a big risk in trusting him
Comme il a été dit , le bois et le poisson sont deux produits clés pour le développement économique et social de l' Afrique de l' Ouest .
Nous ne sommes de toute façon pas sûrs qu’ un amendement puisse soutenir la cause néerlandaise , étant donné qu’ il ne modifie pas la législation actuelle .
Il voulait un peu plus d' emphase . Il a donc agrandi la taille de la fosse d' orchestre pour pouvoir ajouter plus d' instruments dans les basses .
Enfin , l' Accord de Cotonou , par exemple , énonce des dispositions particulières pour la protection des jeunes , dans le but notamment d' éradiquer le travail des enfants .
if we do encounter actual cases of fraud or irregularities in carrying out our normal auditing tasks we naturally work together with the national criminal investigation authorities - as well as uclaf - so that matters take their proper course
Le tabac est censé être un produit d' agrément .
it is a jigsaw puzzle still being put together
you will be informed of the result of the investigation
Cela signifie que l' on ne peut rien céder , selon nous , sur les questions de l' interopérabilité et des obligations de transmission .
this is as true of south korea and taiwan in the 1960 ’s and 1970 ’s as it is of argentina today
changes are necessary to achieve the objectives
Les gens laborieux méprisent la paresse .
Deuxièmement , nous disions : " il faut adopter des systèmes de protection économique efficaces et un cryptage " .
to conclude i shall just make two observations on issues that have been raised by two members of this parliament specifically mrs isler béguin who talked about environmental problems
it was dreadful because of its senselessness because of the people who died israelis taking their holidays egyptians looking after hotels some european citizens who were there on holiday
Nous ne pouvons pas être le marché principal des voitures de luxes , et contrôler 80 % du commerce mondial de ces voitures , tout en sciant la branche sur laquelle nous sommes justement assis sur ce marché .
so we bought 100,000 books and sent them to india
commissioner all my thanks go of course to the commission departments and i would be grateful to you if you would pass them on since this cooperation has been both constructive and pleasant
Je ne sais pas . Peut - être qu' ils pensent que , euh , les tueurs ne préméditent pas ?
C' est un appareil à tomographie calculée par ordinateur -- un scanner CT .
nor in my view does the presence of the former swedish prime minister on its board of directors affect the problem
we take the points about speed and being very careful but precise and going into great depth
Mais comme ma première résolution avait trait au sujet de l' actualité de l' époque , le PPE a remplacé cette résolution par la résolution Menrad , laquelle est devenue la résolution officielle du PPE .
we spent a lot of time on our lessons
Tu vas prendre la pire raclée de ta vie .
aside from their limited legal rights they are both the judge and the ones being judged
we should like to offer this option to those people who live in traditional structures but we also want to encourage the new emancipating democratic structures that are also developing in these countries
i should say mr sturdy that it is really not right to blame the commission for the fact that we respect the legally enshrined division of labour between the european level and the member states
as chairman of the political committee of that assembly i shall be leading that delegation from 18 september with our mission being to examine the conditions necessary for a resumption of political dialogue
Informer les citoyens ?
Elle m' a acheté un petit jouet .
now “ china bashing ” has taken over and the result could be just as bad if not worse
L' amour mène le monde .
Il a dit qu' il était neuf heures .
in this parliament however it seems to be taboo to talk about certain subjects
Je pense souvent à elle .
Et je pense que ça ferait assez chouette en radio .
mr president i would like to congratulate my colleague mr harangozó on his own - initiative report
but the patent for underwater flight -- karen and i we were looking at it
our school is very close to the park
i can delete that dot because that 's clearly a measurement error
Je sais que la Chambre des Lords a produit un texte consolidé ; je sais qu' en France , le Sénat a produit un texte consolidé , et je sais qu' il en existe un en Allemagne .
i 'm going off to vancouver next week to see my sister
Nous partageons le souci de préserver un environnement que nous avons le devoir de transmettre intact à nos enfants .
Une fois que ces conditions sont respectées , alors vous pouvez faire partie de Schengen .
Le rapport de M. Laschet va lui aussi dans ce sens .
of course there are also offensive racist statements and pornography on the internet we have already discussed this at length
workers globally fear for their jobs because they feel they are being by - passed by economic change the economic crisis has exacerbated the perceived downside of globalisation
on behalf of the house i would like to welcome you to the european parliament
da mr president commissioner ladies and gentlemen i would like to draw parliament 's attention to the fact that the danish government has not implemented directive 2002/73 / ec on equal treatment
Notre époque de mondialisation est-elle également en bout de course ?
so what should you do am i telling you to not strive
by treating them as a package we forced the council to move towards us as you know that the council most definitely did not want to adopt two proposals
L' objectif est de contribuer tantôt à la création d' un marché intérieur , tantôt à la cohésion économique et sociale , même si , pour cela , il nous faut avant tout développer l' interconnexion et l' interopérabilité des réseaux nationaux .
Si on cache une région du corps , c' est pour mieux attirer l' attention sur elle .
but capitalizing on their enthusiasm capitalizing on their energy means finishing the job that they started 20 years ago
this means that in addition to the points already mentioned the main objectives identified by parliament at first reading have been achieved
unless a deliberate effort is made by both sides to reach a better understanding the world faces a turbulent time in 2011 and beyond
nl thank you madam president
Il a répété ça 50 fois pendant les deux jours où j' étais avec lui .
the future depends on informed consent
par écrit . - ( SK ) Ce rapport a une fois de plus mis en évidence les graves lacunes de l' article 45 , paragraphe 2 , du règlement .
in addition i should like to find out his reaction to the statements by president bush who talks about the axis of evil and the three countries he refers to by this
Il y a un point , par exemple , sur lequel nous aimerions davantage de réflexion : celui relatif à la résolution des litiges .
Il a risqué de perdre toute sa fortune .
the european union should be a mirror in which all countries can see their reflection
Mon incapacité à me procurer une tasse de thé vert sucré n' était pas due à un simple malentendu .
we have been there done that and even have the t - shirts to prove it
these questions should be discussed and answered in further debates
Ne sommes - vous pas conscients que des gens se font tuer , qu' un pays est dévasté ?
the democratic deficit in europe 's institutional architecture has naturally made it essential to strengthen a body with the direct legitimacy bestowed by european citizens
and the irony is that he was n't very good at math
the political will of this house is in this field as in any other to extend the scope of community power to the detriment of the member states who are apparently unworthy of such power
Mme Sanders - Ten Holte vient juste de parler de l' apprentissage tout au long de la vie .
the compromise reached following the negotiations with the council reflects the need to speed up the formation of functional airspace blocks
Les matérialistes et les fous n' ont jamais de doutes .
Quand elle a été interrogée lors de son audition sur l’ octroi de subventions à des amis douteux , elle a donné la même explication que celle que le parlement néerlandais avait rejetée à l’ unanimité en 1997 .
what is the purpose of life
L' année prochaine , nous aurons besoin pour la première fois d' un petit budget opérationnel , et cette question a déjà été résolue avec l' autorité budgétaire .
Les chats miaulent .
Toutefois , nous ne pouvons pas soutenir le texte sur la ratification du Traité de Lisbonne , l' appel à une politique d' immigration commune , l' appel à une politique d' asile commune ou l' appel à la création d' un service européen d' action extérieure .
Leurs causes ont été examinées de très près : plus de 80 % des incendies sont causés par l’ homme , soit par négligence soit de manière volontaire , dans l’ intention délibérée de nuire .
the broad principles underlying this report on fiscal fraud are simple and only fraudsters themselves would disagree
Barcelone est la capitale de la Catalogne et la deuxième plus grande ville d' Espagne .
En conséquence , les stratégies de développement durable nécessitent une vision politique à long terme au plus haut niveau .
they also mention that damage to reputation in combination with the fines is a very important part of their attitude and their struggle to clean up the companies
in the weeks and months to come the eu must persist with its programme of active and wide - ranging diplomacy
to achieve this aim energy efficiency was to be increased
el the lisbon strategy set high targets but europe did not manage to implement them
we expect chiefly that the situation especially in afghanistan will be a situation from which it will be possible to withdraw
because commissioner european workers their organisations women 's organisations and also in private many employers who want a typically european model for industrial relations are asking us for it
i have been trying for a long time to find out what the travelling circus to strasbourg really costs and what is embarrassing is that no one has been able to give me an answer
Je salue donc l' intérêt constant de votre Parlement pour ces matières , et plus particulièrement cette première intervention dans ce débat sur le plan pour l' innovation .
mr president i would like to start by thanking mr hernández mollar for an altogether outstanding report
that will be stressed to the us negotiators
Je respecte énormément votre avis , qui est très estimable et que je vais examiner minutieusement .
mr president what is happening is extremely distressing
Monsieur le Président , peut - être n' est - il pas nécessaire que je parle de l' attitude erronée du gouvernement britannique , mais permettez - moi une réflexion sur le fonctionnement des institutions communautaires .
the contrast with china tragically struck by a violent earthquake last week is remarkable
subtle maneuvering of the hands is required to perform delicate tasks like this
already the old chinese and the greek hippocrates have actually published documented that t.b can be diagnosed based on the volatiles exuding from patients
Il a également observé que les démocraties ne connaissent pas de famines , parce que la liberté de l’ information contribue à les prévenir .
well he has some hair but -- well he used to have hair
increasing crude oil prices are having a detrimental effect on the european economy and are likely to impede our chances of attaining the lisbon objectives of high quality full employment
let 's go for hip replacement
he was suspect in that he had no alibi
Pour le public non averti , 97 % peuvent sembler beaucoup .
Je me réfère à un article du Financial Times publié lundi il y a quinze jours , soulignant qu' un marché économique ne devrait pas être une jungle .
Ceux - ci sont prêts , ils ont été élus et il est important qu' ils nous rejoignent rapidement .
L' intimidation des femmes a été utilisée comme un moyen de déshonorer et de déshumaniser des communautés entières .
though it may seem like demagogy or another caste privilege in this case it is not
sue was n't trying to achieve difference in her life she was just trying to achieve the face that matched her personality
Darwin lui - même fut grandement influencé par l' idéologie chrétienne et plus particulièrement dans un domaine où on s' y attendrait le moins : sa croyance dans la sélection naturelle , ce qui empoisonnait l' Église , comme force motrice de l' évolution .
Les responsabilités ne sont pas encore clairement définies et il semblerait que la crise alimentaire ne soit pas défavorable à tous .
that 's an enormous benefit
it is a solution we must achieve but we will manage that only if eu institutions on the one hand and national institutions on the other trust each other and cooperate with one another
Nous comprenons donc la situation dans toute sa complexité .
Il est difficile de concevoir un moyen plus efficace d' attraper la nourriture .
but i would never do it to a living fly
Monsieur le Président , je soulèverai une question très brièvement : je viens de lire dans un journal espagnol que Nestlé , une grande multinationale , réclame 6 millions de dollars à l' Éthiopie , pays en pleine famine .
Des développements qui ont le potentiel de créer des retours positifs pour tous ceux qui sont concernés : les entrepreneurs , les pouvoirs publics et les communautés au sein desquelles naissent ces projets .
Je ne puis m' imaginer que les membres de l' Union cultivent des conceptions de la liberté divergentes au point de protéger des actes délictueux .
all of that could be described using newton 's work
Ainsi , au moyen du levier de l' UCK et avec l' appui direct des États - Unis , voici qu' un pays de plus est conduit au démembrement pour créer un nouveau protectorat du type Bosnie - Herzégovine .
on 4 december 2009 an agreement on strategic cooperation between europol and ukraine was signed that will allow coordination of the work to fight against international organised and serious crime and terrorism
Dans ce contexte , la Commission va prendre en charge la mission de police de l' UEO en Albanie .
Alors , quand nous pensons à les utiliser pour obtenir une certaine amélioration systématique , nous pensons aussi à la façon dont ils peuvent être utiles pour l' amélioration de soi , pour la découverte de soi , la conscience de soi , la connaissance de soi .
Peut - on faire semblant d' y croire ?
this is so specific that for example if you look at the part that is covered in red in the upper part of the brain stem if you damage that as a result of a stroke for example what you get is coma or vegetative state which is a state of course in which your mind disappears your consciousness disappears
Selon l' écrivain allemand Stefan George , l' avenir appartient à ceux qui sont capables de changer .
surprisingly there is no well - received explanation because this boom 's ultimate causes are mostly psychological
Il convient de se demander si cela doit vraiment être notre première priorité .
Quelle qu' en soit l' issue , la question sera alors de nouveau soumise au Parlement .
fostering human rights should indeed become an integral part of any fight against terrorism
Il paraît que la plupart des accidents d' avion a lieu lors des phases d' atterrissage et de décollage .
Le gouvernement est clairement en retard en la matière .
without that exchange - rate adjustment faster export growth would expose the chinese economy to the risk of overheating
Monsieur le Président , je crois qu' il faut avant tout déplorer les victimes .
J' utilise l' expression " syndrome du renne " , que de nombreux collègues m' auront entendu prononcer auparavant .
for this reason to maintain and defend the proposed directive under discussion still makes total sense
Dans le monde , des pays persistent à pratiquer ce crime d’ État .
italian citizens have come up with the clean parliament programme
again what is holding the un back is not the un itself but its leading members who can not agree on what change is needed
obviously the priority of the french presidency is the identification of the method of absorption of the irish flaw as the european process must go on given that the treaty of nice blocks enlargement
Très souvent , quand je parle aux gens , je leur répète toujours cette chose : Ne me donnez pas cent façons de ne pas répondre à ce problème .
Ils doivent faire preuve de la volonté politique de faire ce qui est nécessaire et s' ils ne le font pas , je le dis aux honorables députés , nous devrons faire davantage pour maintenir la pression .
Nonobstant ces commentaires , nous sommes disposés à soutenir le rapport dans son intégralité et nous attendons le prochain débat sur les dispositions d’ exécution .
La puissance nucléaire , considérée comme le principal rempart technologique contre l' épuisement des approvisionnements de pétrole mondiaux , étant soudainement devenue suspecte , les prix du pétrole ont de nouveau doublé jusqu' à la fin de l' année .
and here in my chart -- on the left - hand side is where we are now
where is the entrance to the museum
one year after our return from johannesburg we must keep up the momentum and maintain political leadership in the european union by delivering on our johannesburg commitments
it therefore makes good sense for us to table this sort of resolution at the present time
defiance of the supreme leader by millions of iranians just a day after he firmly endorsed ahmadinejad threw the country into a political crisis
police chiefs have identified a russian mafia exploiting sri lankans and chinese and a turkish mafia is taking charge of kurds afghans and iranians
encouragement must be given to the spirit of enterprise and to flexibility in the labour market and countries must work to promote a better relationship between work and family life
Au contraire , nous allons vers ce qu’ un journaliste du appelle le , ou , pour employer des termes européens , « l’ Européen jetable » .
Je voudrais demander à la commissaire s' il est vrai que les ministres des finances estiment qu' une exonération totale des accises sur les biocarburants fait partie des possibilités .
mr president could i raise a wider issue here
Nous créons des jeux intelligents pour les plateformes sociales .
Là encore , beaucoup d’ attention s’ est portée sur les flux et les reflux de la politique monétaire et budgétaire .
J' ai beaucoup appris de gens comme Najmuddin , Mahmoud , le Rafi .
applying double standards lacks all credibility
i voted for in the hope that the ice has broken up
it is patently obvious there is no solution other than a political one
Il faut saisir cette chance et faire tout ce qui est possible pour que la croissance économique et le développement de l' emploi puissent être garantis .
the un experts must be able to carry out their work in accordance with resolution 687 of the security council
Les investissements étrangers directs couleront à flot , entraînant dans leur sillage un meilleur accès aux technologies de pointe , relançant ainsi la croissance économique .
please let go of my arm
indeed in countries like egypt and tunisia government and parliament alike were unpopular
technical corrections need to be made to the figures in paragraph 50 indents seven and nine
Le président Morillon et la vice-présidente Miguélez Ramos soulignent tous les deux la nécessité de garantir que les répercussions socio-économiques et les conséquences des plans de reconstitution soient évaluées et abordées et assorties de compensations appropriées .
you do not wish to give me an answer but i would like to remind you of something which i imagine you will know much better than me
i think that the european union should monitor what happens in nicaragua and should send observers to the elections in 2011 and support the democratic opposition
Il n' y a nul endroit où vous puissiez vous cacher .
what these people want is of course food but in addition they want medicines blankets and shelters and above all they want us to demonstrate our solidarity
should we imprison mothers because they are willingly sacrifice their daughters physical integrity on the altar of tradition
thus combating terrorism also means helping to maintain the rule of law
Je préfère mourir plus rapidement que de me lever tôt tous les matins .
the thirteenth hearing a procedure which started approximately one year ago under pressure from the european union will be held in ankara tomorrow
Je me suis demandé : peut - être que le solaire est devenu attractif .
in reality what they do n’t like is competition itself and they fight it by deploying an instrument that can inflict even greater damage on themselves
Au sein de la Commission juridique , nous avons fait de notre mieux afin de nous concentrer sur les aspects juridiques du dossier .
any society not enlightened by philosophers is fooled by quacks
i believe that the covenant of mayors will provide much - needed intellectual input and experience to the policies we need to formulate to achieve sustainable cities
however the author of the amendment has added self - determination of the people who live there
signs of government - engineered chaos abound
she pulled him out of the mud
La violence envers les femmes est une forme de violation des droits de la femme , elle ne peut être tolérée .
and i tried to figure out what were they thinking
Le gouverneur , M. Taseer , a été victime d' un assassinat violent , acte de pure intolérance commis par un membre de sa garde rapprochée , une personne qui était censée le protéger .
Le professeur est en train de téléphoner .
Les circonstances dans lesquelles ces obligations s’ appliquent ont été considérablement restreintes , ce qui en fait une solution de dernier recours .
L' union budgétaire a eu un caractère explosif plutôt qu' unificateur .
Si tu vis pour chercher vengeance , il est préférable de creuser une tombe pour deux .
Ce qu' il restera pour les investissements publics ne manquera pas d' être gaspillé , car les projets ont tendance à éviter l' analyse coûts / bénéfices lorsque le financement provient de l' argent facile généreusement fourni par Mère Nature .
Je t' aimerai pour le reste de ma vie .
C' est comme ça qu' elle l' aime .
Mais imaginez les propriétés qu' aurait ce calcaire si sa surface était en conversation avec l' atmosphère .
Monsieur le Président , Mesdames et Messieurs , croyez - le ou non mais il y a précisément 200 ans , en 1799 , a eu lieu la première discussion sur une constitution , non pour l' Europe , mais pour la Bavière .
Dans un sens ce que nous avons fait , c' est que nous avons crée un nouveau consommable .
Pour conclure , j' aimerais également dire que la convention , à juste titre selon moi , contient un chapitre sur les droits des ressortissants de pays tiers durablement établis .
sk i agree with this draft recommendation of the european parliament to the council
the debate on eu policy coherence for development is important and valuable
Quelqu' un a coupé la corde de mon cerf - volant .
let us share our cultural objectives with countries asking for entry into europe now
the commission services have started reflections at a technical level on the shape of such a framework regulation under the lisbon treaty
Cette dent bouge .
ladies and gentlemen in the worst earthquake in italy in recent decades 295 people in the region of abruzzo lost their lives in a most terrible way
Vous avez déclaré que les groupes avaient collaboré étroitement avec vos services pour établir l' ordre de vote et notre approche vis - àvis de ce dernier .
Le règlement de cette question à l' intérieur d' un espace européen est le seul point auquel je puis promettre mon appui le plus total , et j' exprime ici une opinion toute personnelle .
the second preparatory task about which much has been said concerns the legal status of the euro
Nous devons surtout concentrer tous nos efforts afin que nos systèmes de formation puissent être comparables .
C’ est pourquoi nous sommes disposés à accepter en principe les amendements 17 et 57 , ainsi que les amendements connexes , 30 , 31 , 34 , 69 , 70 et 71 .
Et à travers ces trous , nous pouvons avoir un aperçu de l' autre , et parfois même aimer ce que nous voyons .
Loin de n' être que l' objet de leur relation ambiguë , Mary était le sujet de toute l' attention de Tom .
this is perfect in that it clearly opposes self - centeredness and selfishness to compassion the concern for others and further it indicates that those caught in the cycle of self - concern suffer helplessly while the compassionate are more free and implicitly more happy
Ma femme quitte la ville pour quelques jours .
J' estime qu' il est du devoir de l' Union européenne de promouvoir des produits de qualité et de prendre des mesures pour les protéger au niveau mondial .
Il suffit d’ une rumeur , comme ce fut le cas il y a quelques semaines , pour qu’ un mouvement de panique sur un pont de Bagdad coûte la vie à plus de mille personnes .
Pourtant , ces zones sont extrêmement attractives grâce à leur environnement ou aux possibilités offertes par leur patrimoine ou leur cadre naturel .
the car broke down
syria ’s position and interests should make it amenable to a deal
La Chine est le pire de tous .
Ne sois pas si dur avec toi - même .
so with that preamble i want to go into discussing the two most profound social trends
however developments in a number of other areas have been frankly insufficient
against this background the commission welcomes the consistent support that parliament has given to efforts to protect europe 's rich and varied natural heritage
following the debate in parliament the proposal has been reduced to 65 % and i think this is a substantial step which genuinely facilitates use of the fund
Cette situation , bien sûr , pourrait entrer en contradiction avec les engagements pris dans le cadre des pactes de stabilité à l' égard des différents États membres .
Nous avons besoin d' un contrôle européen de l' eau dans notre communauté .
Certains services de la Commission en arrivent à une paralysie administrative . Il faut y remédier rapidement .
the lomé convention one of the principal purposes of which is to promote the exports of these countries would be quite simply violated
Nous devons également promouvoir la création d' un centre européen pour les enfants disparus , à l' image du Center for missing and Exploited Children de Washington .
it is now the umpteenth time that he has acted beyond his remit
i am much obliged to you for your help
Il nous a permis d' enquêter et de prévenir des attentats .
our unanimity within the committee on social affairs and employment certainly sends a positive signal to workers and also to the commission and the council
par écrit . - ( PT ) En principe , je ne suis pas d' accord avec l' intervention du législateur sur le marché et dans la fixation des prix .
do n't worry i 'll teach you how to drive
Ceux qui ont vraiment à coeur de réduire la pauvreté devraient faire tomber les responsabilités là où elles sont : dans les gouvernements et les bureaucraties de nombreux pays en voie de développement , particulièrement en Afrique et en Amérique latine .
i think i understand
Il nous incombe d' exercer une pression maximale sur la Commission et sur le Conseil de Ministres , afin de ne pas nous retrouver finalement avec une directive qui soit synonyme de recul pour les consommateurs et les salariés .
it took germany ten years until about 2005 of slow growth to reduce capacity in the construction sector and gain market share for its export industry
the commission will draw up an interim report after completion of the first step of the selection procedure and a final report once the procedure is finished
De sorte qu' avec 15 % , il reste encore une marge de 50 % auquel il est possible de donner la préférence économique .
our unity as a european union should be deployed in support of their efforts
Elles ont péché , elles peuvent payer .
sweden 's action in the settlement regarding genetically modified crops which was recently finalised was disappointing
this would certainly amount to dumping and has a positive impact on big business but a negative impact on local workers
Veux - tu t' y essayer ?
La direction positive prise par les propositions du programme concernant l' Afrique me rend optimiste .
Mais en elle - même la stimulation budgétaire ne constitue pas la réponse : aussitôt arrivée à son terme , la demande intérieure chuterait .
with a few exceptions we also find it a very interesting and highly intelligent piece of work
et de travailler à travers le capital - risque du côté de l' innovation , et d' essayer de trouver des innovations qui pourrait répondre à ce que je voyais comme certains de ces grand problèmes .
Il en est de même aujourd’hui .
Mais elle peut aussi être exploitée par des déclarations politiques laissant entendre qu' il n' est pas nécessaire de changer quoi que ce soit .
Personne ne lui a appris comment tordre ce fil de fer pour un faire un crochet .
we have to spend more money on safety not less
and we feel compelled to repeat that although i appreciate that it is tiring for you because you are hearing it so many times this afternoon
now i feel bad about that
meetings in seaside resorts reached almost a million people in 1910
but the theory 's relatively easy
Mais tel n' est pas le cas .
Les prix élevés se traduisent déjà par des protestations de plus en plus fréquentes aux quatre coins de l' Europe .
Voici ma petite carte de poche de là où on en trouve .
on december 17 of last year the european council decided to open accession negotiations with turkey this october
Ca vous donne une idée de la vitesse , l' ordre de grandeur : l' ordinateur est juste tellement rapide , ok ?
i 'd like to be your friend
Ce sont principalement les émissions de suie de l' Europe qui sont responsables de la fonte significativement plus rapide des glaces dans l' Arctique - elles y sont emportées par le vent .
certainly for small businesses and small institutions it is a well - nigh impossible task to complete the paperwork and answer the questions
as rapporteur i was rather unsatisfied with the outcome of the votes on the amendments
C’ est pourquoi nous avons besoin d’ un corps de garde-côtes européens , un autre point sur lequel il existe un consensus dans ce Parlement , car le contrôle dans les ports est une chose , mais le contrôle en haute mer doit s’ y ajouter .
J’ ai proposé un prélèvement européen de un centime sur chaque litre d’ essence , de diesel et de kérosène vendu dans l’ Union .
Mon chien fait souvent semblant de dormir .
Beaucoup de décisions dépendent d' un accord commun des États membres , non seulement au sein de l' Union européenne , mais aussi à l' OTAN , et chaque État membre peut exercer son droit de veto .
Il subit de sévères pertes économiques qui sont causées par l' impossibilité d' exercer ses activités commerciale depuis plusieurs jours .
let us be united in the cause of justice
so far we have not seen that
greece italy and spain can not deal with it alone because these countries are under severe pressure
europe should take pride in its linguistic diversity
Il constitue un équilibre adéquat entre le point de vue du Conseil et celui du Parlement .
the european medicines agency was more measured saying in a statement “ based on this observational study alone the risk can not be associated with certainty to the growth hormone treatment
i think it is important that we ourselves should take on board citizenship of the union with everything that it implies and give it serious thought
La dérobade n' a que trop duré . Nous avons besoin d' une Commission forte .
Et pourtant , il ne nous est pas possible de croire que la libéralisation n' entraîne que des effets bénéfiques .
Elle suppose également que les gouvernements acceptent ce à quoi ils étaient opposés lors de la Convention .
would you mind turning down the radio
yes that 's certainly an issue
could i use your phone
Nous devons réaliser un effort d’ information considérable afin d’ expliquer à ceux - ci ce que j’ ai appelé le « coût de la non - Constitution » : pourquoi l’ absence de traité constitutionnel possède un impact négatif sur leurs vies quotidiennes .
i question the political will of our fifteen member states
one of the discussion points in connection with the negotiations concerning the new constitution related of course to whether the euratom treaty should be allowed to continue as the constitution allows it to
certainly income from resource extraction will dwarf all other financial flows there
of course i agree with you completely that access by smes to research and technology programmes should be facilitated
Certains modèles prévoient que d' ici la fin de ce siècle , la zone de transmission potentielle de la malaria accueillera environ 60 % de la population mondiale , contre 45 % à l' heure actuelle .
Cependant , celles - ci portent de moins en moins sur les activité transfrontalières .
par écrit . - ( NL ) La libéralisation du marché des pièces de rechange pour voiture fait l' objet de discussions houleuses depuis 1993 .
Nous devons nourrir trois milliards de personnes dans les villes .
i should once again like to thank everyone for their cooperation
these new requirements for the transportation by aeroplane of small children will be entering into force at the end of next week
talk about using a sledgehammer to crack a nut
Elle a senti quelque chose lui grimper le long de la jambe .
Rappelons simplement l' attitude inqualifiable des États - Unis sur la question de l' accessibilité aux médicaments .
there was always a minority afraid of something and a great majority afraid of the dark afraid of the future afraid of the past afraid of the present afraid of themselves and shadows of themselves
however the political aim which caused us to resort to force is still far from being achieved
the committee of independent experts in its report highlights one aspect in particular that the commission has lost control over a large number of projects
La mobilisation de 6 199 341 euros du Fonds européen d' ajustement à la mondialisation est nécessaire pour soutenir et aider les 1 793 travailleurs licenciés de ce groupe .
Il a également été proposé de créer un organisme interparlementaire avec les parlements nationaux ainsi que les députés de ce Parlement .
Si quelqu’ un est malade , il doit pouvoir recevoir des soins médicaux à l’ étranger .
Vos mesures sont fragmentaires .
therefore it is necessary to ensure success in the functioning of regional airports as this will help to increase the attractiveness of the regions
this proposal was made by a commissioner that i feel has completely lost touch with economic reality
Et on essaie aussi de conserver ce qui y existe , de faire en sorte que les sources d' eau soient protégées , et restent propres , et puis , bien sûr , on essaye aussi d' y passer agréablement notre temps !
Monsieur le Président , je vais intervenir au nom de ma collègue et amie , Laura de Esteban , qui a dû s' absenter .
i would have like to have seen a specific disability directive that outlawed discrimination in access to goods and services and similarly one on age
Je voudrais les encourager à nous aider à défendre le résultat atteint par cette Convention .
La politique de l' emploi repose sur ce qu' on appelle la coordination ouverte , qui avait déjà été mise en évidence lors du Sommet de Lisbonne en tant que méthode pouvant être utilisée dans plusieurs autres politiques .
En 1998 , ce Parlement et le Conseil ont adopté un programme conçu afin d' améliorer le fonctionnement des systèmes fiscaux au sein du marché intérieur .
Ces répercussions doivent faire l' objet d' une surveillance et , comme dit précédemment , ne peuvent menacer la production locale car ce serait , à mon sens , contre-productif .
the measures proposed by the report in this regard are very courageous and interesting and they are very much in line with those being taken by the government of my country spain
if it were not for the olympics in beijing and the decisive stance taken by many social and non - governmental organisations the world would still know very little about the situation in tibet
La conférence publique de Madrid n’ a pas apporté de percée significative alors que le canal d’ Oslo , beaucoup plus secret , a permis l’ accord entre l’ OLP et Israël .
Il devra supporter plus de 100 millions d' utilisateurs à n' importe moment . Il devra résister aux attaques , y compris à la fermeture de l' index principal , à l' injection de fichiers malveillants , à la capture de certains nœuds majeurs . Vous m' aurez dit que cela prendrait des années .
Cela signifie que les États membres sont tenus de mettre sur pied des systèmes de dissuasion comparables , mesure qui constitue en soi un filet de sécurité .
Nous soucions - nous du futur de la planète pour nos enfants ?
mr president the suppression of the universities and media in serbia is i believe an encouraging sign to the extent that it shows that there are forces for freedom there of which unfortunately too little is seen at international level
do you have a minute
C' est pourquoi il est important que nous donnions aux délégués du personnel et aux représentants des travailleurs des outils qui leur permettent de résoudre les problèmes sans devoir aller en justice .
Les procédures législatives actuelles sont révisées à la lumière des nouvelles considérations et priorités qui ont récemment vu le jour .
you really believe that if there are democratic elections in egypt now that a government could emerge that espouses some of the values you 've spoken about so inspiringly
Bien entendu , l' engagement de la Commission de réduire prochainement les enregistrements obligatoires de 25 % est également le bienvenu .
Les hôtes russes enthousiasmés de l’ Américain lui demandaient constamment son opinion sur le palais .
Un deuxième sujet à aborder est le fait que nous devons féliciter la BCE , puisque la politique de la sérénité s' est avérée être juste .
L' atroce vérité de notre histoire la rend tout à fait légitime .
Une pression gigantesque va s' exercer pour acheter là où les prix sont les plus bas et pour vendre , ou tout au moins éviter d' acheter , là où les prix sont les plus élevés .
Pour tous , la démocratie et le respect des droits de l’ homme seront des facteurs prépondérants , qui constitueront la base de nos travaux .
Toutefois , ceci signifie aussi que cette législation doit tenir compte du principe de subsidiarité , comme il se doit .
Bien qu' il s' agisse d' une proposition étendue , elle concerne directement les femmes victimes de violences domestiques .
Ainsi , la cohésion sociale et territoriale et des services d' intérêt général modernes vont de pair avec l' achèvement du marché intérieur ; nous avons néanmoins voté contre le paragraphe 24 qui a trait à la libéralisation des services postaux .
Ce que nous demandons , c' est que , en plus des normes juridiques existantes , les autorités mauritaniennes s' engagent fermement à éliminer toute situation de limitation et de dégradation inacceptables de la dignité et des droits individuels que la condition d' esclavage comporte .
Mais il faudra du temps et de la patience , et des politiques différentes concernant l' Irak , le conflit israélo - palestinien , et l' économie de la région .
Je dois donc vous demander la confiance , parce que j’ ai recherché un équilibre .
we 're going to do a song by david mash called listen the words are gone and maybe i 'll have words come back into me afterwards if i can relax
En outre , de nombreux citoyens ont souligné qu' une approbation rapide de l' IFRS 8 lèverait l' incertitude quant au traitement des déclarations financières pour la période se terminant en décembre 2007 .
En pratique , cela permet de définir un mandat , avec la durée de la délégation , le délai dans lequel le Parlement et le Conseil peuvent formuler des objections , ainsi que les conditions de révocation du mandat .
Il est extrêmement frustrant que chaque fois que nous posons des questions dans le cadre des débats , nous n’ obtenions jamais de réponse .
could you please make sure that french - speaking members of this house know that the word entreprises is not correct
surely it can be either independent or not independent - degrees of independence are impossible
ça fait environ 8 mois , et elle commence à se sentir mieux .
i think we have succeeded in securing a broad majority in tomorrow 's plenary for this most important report
mr president i would question why if the lisbon treaty is such a good thing it is so inaccessible
Faut - il rappeler qu' une étude récente a évalué le coût de la gestion non-coopérative des politiques monétaires , au cours des trois dernières années , à une augmentation de 1 , 8 % du rapport déficit budgétaire - PIB ?
according to my estimation the resulting directive would not have been good enough
i am also puzzled about the role the greek air force has reportedly had in reviewing the charges as opposed to an independent prosecutor
the mirror allows that but the mirror is not tainted is not modified is not altered by those images
Vous pouvez changer le rythme , si vous n' avez pas la lumière dans les yeux ...
Juste en aval de la Chambal se trouve une rivière polluée , la Yamuna , la rivière sacrée Yamuna ,
Pour cette raison , il n' est pas d' autre choix que de saluer l' initiative conjointe relative aux piles à combustible et hydrogène et d' apporter tout le soutien possible à sa création .
J' ai hébergé ces 4 000 spécimens à l' herbier de l' université de Makerere .
L' année dernière , des rumeurs ont laissé entendre que la Commission européenne envisagerait une renationalisation partielle des fonds structurels .
the situation of the people there is much worse than in the federation territory let alone serbia or croatia
La production agricole à grande échelle dépend de ces moyens .
Je comprends que s' il en était ainsi , il compromettrait l' approche tactique et l' objectif stratégique qu' il s' était fixés dès le départ , à savoir accroître son influence politique .
some insecticides flame retardants and even hair sprays can be a danger and we need to be wary of them
Aucune considération réglementaire ou financière ne doit faire obstacle à cette égalité d' accès aux routes .
el mr president i have noted exactly what the presidency said about the economic crisis but it is clear that with the exception of one country none of the others can apply the stability pact
you said that the precautionary principle should not be used as a disguised trade barrier
Le respect des normes européennes relatives à la démocratie , aux droits de l' homme , aux droits fondamentaux et à l' état de droit est essentiel pour tous les Européens .
if politics contains symbolic messages then in my opinion the turkish judicial system has committed a serious error four months on from helsinki in treating mr birdal this way
Je me suis foulé le doigt en jouant au volley - ball .
madam president you have said several times that this is a very serious problem
Monsieur le Commissaire , je comprends , d' après votre réponse , que vous partagez au fond l' inquiétude de l' auteur de la question .
Ce sont les conditions naturelles qui doivent déterminer l' agriculture dans tous les pays membres de l' UE .
the council and the commission are i am afraid confused
the plane takes off at 8:00 a.m.
( ES ) Monsieur le Président , j' espère que M. Berlusconi sera poursuivi en justice pour les crimes qu' il a commis , et que sa domination sur la presse prendra fin .
i want to learn french
laws criminalizing the transmission of hiv undermine public health because they deter people who are hiv - positive and those at risk of acquiring the virus from seeking testing counseling and treatment
Et cela , il faut le faire maintenant .
he wants something cold to drink
président en exercice . - ( SL ) Je vous remercie pour votre question complémentaire .
Le prétexte répandu selon lequel les étiquettes seraient surchargées et deviendraient finalement illisibles en raison des multiples ingrédients à indiquer a bien été invoqué .
Parce que , vous savez , historiquement , si vous n’ êtes pas respectés , vous n' allez probablement pas finir dans une situation à somme non-nulle , une relation mutuellement bénéfique avec les gens .
Il n’ en reste pas moins que l’ idée d’ un État palestinien n’ est pas au cour de la doctrine du Hamas , dont l’ objectif stratégique est la victoire ultime de l’ islam .
Veiller à ce que toutes les parties concernées - les États membres et les opérateurs économiques - appliquent les mêmes règles et intègrent les adaptations nécessaires aux progrès scientifiques est une priorité pour la Commission .
De plus , tous les pays reconnaissaient la nécessité du développement durable .
the census bureau projects that the american population will grow 49 % over the next four decades
and because our universe is only three spatial dimensions it can hold fluids
Il y aura des élections dans d' autres pays voisins où pourrait se poser aussi la question de l' alternance d' un président sortant contre un président nouveau .
Bien sûr , l' Union européenne doit aussi contribuer à la réussite des négociations et montrer qu' elle est prête à accepter de nouveaux membres .
Pourquoi pensez - vous ça ?
perhaps he can tell us why the council has come up with such an incomprehensible position claiming that sanctions come under the third pillar and therefore can not possibly be used here
today people are once again gradually being driven out and even killed although the government has not even begun training farm workers how to farm in a rational way
Mais ce qui importe , c' est la protection de l' environnement et de la santé des citoyens , lesquels ne peuvent s' exprimer que par le biais de leurs représentants dans la seule Institution communautaire démocratiquement élue .
technology has not delivered political change in iran
Le « mur de la couleur » est tombé , près de 20 ans après la chute du Mur de Berlin qui divisait l’ Allemagne et l’ Europe .
this is probably the most important debate in which i have taken part
J’ invite la Commission à faire pression sur le gouvernement libyen pour qu’ il cesse d’ arrêter arbitrairement ceux qu’ il considère comme des migrants et pour qu’ il respecte la Convention de Genève et le mandat du haut-commissaire aux réfugiés .
where is it decreed that we must pay in dollars for the oil and gas we buy from russia saudi arabia or iran
Je suis convaincu qu’ il en est toujours ainsi et qu’ il est utile pour l’ Union européenne d’ avoir un cadre fiscal .
there are by all means similarities with swift but also differences
does that mean that we should give up on negotiating
Des trois tests qui ont été menés jusqu’ ici , l’ un a raté partiellement , les deux autres totalement , c’ est la raison pour laquelle le Président Clinton a préféré léguer le problème à son successeur .
Nous ne pouvons continuer à nous taire , comme nous l' avons fait jusqu' ici , sur le fait qu' il n' y a aucune mention de la décision de la Cour de Luxembourg sur le statut différent donné au PKK sur les listes d' organisations terroristes .
Tom a perdu son porte-monnaie .
Un système d'"entrée - sortie " pour les navires de pêche fait partie de nos réflexions en vue de l' élaboration d' une nouvelle politique relative à la flotte .
Elle est évidemment malade .
Nous aurions au moins dû convenir du principe de ne pas continuer à participer à des forums avec le parti communiste chinois , si M. Weiwei et d' autres dissidents n' étaient pas libérés .
Ils traversent la vie comme des voiliers qui louvoient -- ils veulent s' approcher des gens , mais n' ont pas vraiment de modèles pour savoir le faire .
Par conséquent , la Commission doit faire taire ses craintes , indiquer clairement quels sont les droits et responsabilités de l' autorité européenne et se montrer plus active sur le plan législatif .
of course problems may arise learning to live together can be tough but europe would thrive on the cosmopolitan dynamism that results from treating immigration as an opportunity rather than as a threat
we 've got a graphic novel we 've got leveling up in skills like local insight knowledge networking sustainability vision and resourcefulness
bill gates powerpoint presentation over here
i asked many persons about the store but no one had heard of it
C' est parfois difficile , avec les ascenseurs , ici , à Strasbourg d' arriver à temps .
we have this in one of our own member states today with the uk census which is a massive undertaking being overseen by an american company
Je sais que ces chapitres constituent vos priorités .
par écrit . - ( EN ) J' ai voté pour ce rapport , qui simplifie toutes les conventions et recommandations de l' OIT depuis 1919 en un texte unique .
until now the important matter of the maritime transport safety has not been sufficiently addressed in the same way as inland transport
press reports since then concerning attempts at compliance have presented conflicting information
Mon groupe , comme la commission des affaires juridiques , a opté pour cinq années ; j' ai entendu que le groupe socialiste était quant à lui favorable à une période de huit ans .
in may 2008 china obtained a major economic stake in afghanistan when chinese firms won a $ 3.5 billion contract to develop afghanistan ’s huge aynak copper field
i do n't know any of the five ladies
Tom est largement meilleur que les autres .
there is just one reference point which is the body
Une Europe forte a également besoin d' une Cour des comptes forte .
the minister of justice and other members of the cabinet assured me that article 301 will be amended
this debate is supposed to be topical
Et c' est une question fondamentale , dont nous ne connaissons pas la réponse , mais nous pouvons essayer - et nous essayons - d' y répondre en laboratoire .
russia must also take concrete steps to protect human rights and the rule of law given the number of unsolved murders of journalists and human rights activists
the european commission may be an important player in europe but this does not change the principle the wto members determine the course of trade liberalisation
À la fin de la semaine , les pays en voie de développement n' étaient simplement pas prêts à accepter une " affaire conclue " décidée en huit clos par les plus grands acteurs .
Que pensez vous que fut la réponse de Karajan ? Quand dois - je démarrer ?
in the assessment of information on the medication recommended in the event of a health emergency especially in pandemic situations
so commissioner we therefore have to make it clear to our turkish partners that it is very difficult to speak about turkey 's european integration until problems related to turkey 's religious and ethnic minorities are solved
and the answer is zilch exactly zero
Je voudrais vous annoncer qu' à la demande de plusieurs groupes , nous procéderons , demain , à une brève mais néanmoins intense commémoration du 11 septembre .
Mais dans les premiers jours de l' Amérique , nous avons vécu dans ce que les historiens appellent une culture de caractère , où nous accordions , à ce moment - là , une valeur aux gens pour leur vie intérieure et leur rectitude morale .
Monsieur le Président , il est banal de dire que le développement de l' Europe dépend de la jeunesse européenne .
mr president ladies and gentlemen the seventh research framework programme will contribute to making the european union somewhat more competitive in our globalised world but unfortunately only somewhat more
she is a college student
vocational education and training measures are absolutely essential for turning the european economy into a knowledge economy in line with the europe 2020 strategy objectives
europe has shown a high profile here
a further package of measures concerning agreement on how to reconcile staff members professional and family activities is then needed
the next item is the council and the commission statements on the situation in chechnya
Et Danone est une entreprise française , car c’ est de France que viennent le lait et l’ eau qu’ elle commercialise .
along with all other measures perhaps we should also encourage people to re - evaluate their priorities in life
can it clarify whether the inspectors were acting on behalf of nafo or the canadian government
Je retiens en tout cas déjà que vous êtes favorable à une démarche plus résolue dans ce domaine .
i hope we will find agreement on that too because it is essential that aid be provided really quickly here
it is not clear what the writer is trying to say
the text which i assume we will adopt by a fairly large majority tomorrow is both ambitious and modest and therefore deserves to be taken seriously
the turkish administration has made considerable efforts in this field
buddhist of course looks very very similar to atheist
el mr president we are celebrating the anniversary of the accession of new countries to the european union and we were all delighted and moved by your statement
for me the emergence of a fully integrated and liberalised telecommunications market by the end of 2001 is the vital precondition for the transition to a digital knowledge - based economy which i hope will bring considerable growth to the eu
L’ Europe et le Japon ont tous deux d’ importants déficits budgétaires et une inflation faible .
Je suis arrivé en Belgique alors que le scandale de la corruption de l' affaire « Agusta » , impliquant d' anciens membres du gouvernement et des partis politiques , domine l' actualité de ce royaume depuis plusieurs semaines .
today it is crisis management and insurance schemes that are at issue
Nous nous attaquons la mauvaise cible .
Il reste un troisième thème que vous avez également évoqué : c' est celui des déclarations politiques .
Je n' arrive pas à croire que je sois même en train de l' envisager .
Le principe que le regroupement familial est un facteur de stabilité personnelle pour l' immigré , étant donné que la vie de famille constitue toujours un instrument important de soutien en faveur de l' intégration dans les pays d' accueil .
the development of cooperation with russia is one of the northern dimension 's important tasks
more efficient planning depends on training in political parties governments local authorities and administrations naturally this training for actual programme planners can be funded from the social fund without any problem
i think this would be a good opportunity for them to explain to you how they expect to conduct their monetary policy but as things stand i believe that the fight against inflation is a prior condition of growth
secondly i would like to ask the commission to look at the best use for the larger decommissioned boats
the very word “ defense ” creates an image of a nation state that is commercially connected to the rest of the world only via traditional trade
Les récents événements suggèrent que nous sommes plus vulnérables que jamais à un contrecoup soudain et brusque .
now the good news here is that if you take surveys from around the world we see that about three quarters of people will say they are at least pretty happy
Il n' y a pas trente-six vérités , comme l' on dit chez moi , mais une seule : les résultats de ce panel remettent en cause un principe fondamental , celui de la souveraineté européenne .
this machine was manufactured in france
Dans ce monde basé sur le savoir et les groupes , le style non hiérarchique et les compétences relationnelles des femmes correspondent à un réel besoin dans l’ exercice du pouvoir , ce à quoi les hommes sont bien moins préparés .
they actually call it the oscar curse
Des élections parlementaires sont au programme pour le 27 avril , et je suis partisan d' envoyer là - bas des observateurs électoraux du Parlement européen .
the eu is ready to share its expertise should china so decide
the winner was ramzan kadyrov one of the field commanders in the fighting
Donc ils veulent raconter leur histoire de moment ' Eureka ' .
these soldiers are not arriving alone in unknown territory
my group supports the inclusion of the new title on employment and the social protocol into the treaty as well as the reference to fundamental social rights
it is therefore obvious that president assad and his whole family need to be included on the list - not tomorrow not the day after tomorrow but today
Vous savez , quelqu' un recherchait l' arme de destruction massive , mais on a trouvé l' arme de protection massive -- le préservatif .
well i think we 're going to stop that part of the show
in the context of the economic crisis huge amounts of state aid have been granted
however this is something which the individual countries must take care of
looking back over 40 years of european integration we have to acknowledge the success of the community method
this finance minister ’s aspirations are a scandal
we have worked hard on state aid cases concerning the enlargement countries and will do so even more intensely and directly after 1 may 2004
Et que nous les aiderions à s' adapter .
when you do n't know what to do ask the host
as a result recession seems certain
led to the process by which over time this notion of the han emerged -- of course nurtured by a growing and very powerful sense of cultural identity
i was watching the news i 'm like am i involved in this crap
J' étais fatigué , je suis donc allé au lit .
the ecb and creditor banks can live for two or three weeks with a temporary downgrade of greece ’s debt
when politicians give the impression that they do n't control the situation markets get nervous
La première moitié du siècle dont nous venons de sortir a été la pire de toute l' histoire du monde : deux guerres mondiales , 50 millions d' êtres humains massacrés .
Les pages ont normalement une taille d' au moins 4 Kio ( 4x1024 octets ) , et les systèmes dont les espaces d' adressages sont larges ou qui possèdent beaucoup de mémoire réelle utilisent généralement des pages de taille plus grande .
Il importe de réformer les systèmes éducatifs afin d’ accroître l’ efficacité et le rythme de l’ enseignement supérieur , permettant ainsi une entrée plus rapide dans la vie active .
Il faut trouver d' autres moyens .
the third group is those issues that one or more member states have raised
Je songeais à peine à réussir dans cette affaire .
it is not acceptable that now as a result of 79 000 appeals by morocco it might be delayed by two more years
J' aime mieux voyager en train qu' en avion .
Nous devons avoir un aperçu de ce que nous avons décidé , des mesures qui ont été appliquées .
this i can not accept and i have therefore voted no to the report
Il convient de promouvoir les trois dimensions de l' OSCE , en particulier le Bureau des institutions démographiques et des droits de l' homme .
En fait , une partie du contrôle de la forme de cette structure serait forcément abandonnée à la nature , lorsque les bactéries font leur travail .
unless a contributor requests anonymity we are publishing all responses to the green paper on the website of dg trade
Et la raison pour laquelle c' est raisonnable , c' est que lorsque vos grand-parents touchaient leur retraite , ils la touchaient à 65 ans et ils étaient sensés tirer leur révérence vers 68 ans .
maritime transport has been connected ever since mythological times with a range of beliefs and traditions
Toutefois , afin de faciliter ce processus , nous devons améliorer l' accès des femmes à l' enseignement et à la formation dans le secteur agricole , et leur permettre un meilleur accès aux paiements directs .
this is the problem in fact and i would ask the commissioner whether it would be possible to give this matter further attention within the commission
Monsieur le Président , M. Leinen a abordé tout ce que je voulais dire d' autre , je me concentrerai donc principalement sur la question du thon .
Troisièmement , l' éducation , la formation et la recherche .
they are all the same
which european countries are currently buying british meat and in what quantity
otherwise i shall have a great deal of difficulty in working with the commission in future
Il existe des preuves scientifiques claires et sans équivoque démontrant les effets du changement climatique .
a baby has no knowledge of good and evil
Cette tendance est appelée à se prolonger .
En tant que députée hongroise , je ne peux que soutenir ces efforts , car ils permettront aux Hongrois qui vivent en Voïvodine en Serbie , par exemple , d' avoir une connexion plus directe avec leur mère patrie .
C' est bien dommage , mais cela peut être rectifié si l' amendement 4 est adopté .
there was a time when you played cricket you played timeless test matches when you played on till the game got over
À part les examens , nous serions contents .
then who
Monsieur le Président , dans son introduction , M. Schwaiger dit que l' Organisation mondiale du commerce a pour objectif la liberté du commerce .
i therefore recommend this to the house
La reconnaissance mutuelle ou , en d' autres mots , le principe du pays d' origine , est d' une importance essentielle pour cette proposition .
Enfin , la Commission pourrait aussi aborder la question du prix des vols . Nous savons tous que le prix annoncé n' inclut ni les taxes , ni les frais .
and the world can come in with enabling environments and opportunities to do this
Plus particulièrement , il n' a fait aucune promesse spécifique au sujet du retrait des forces de sécurité engagées dans les opérations de répression .
Les compagnies aériennes , les aéroports , les industriels , les hôtels , le secteur des transports , tous ont besoin qu' une solution se fasse jour .
Il y a donc là un soutien majeur , même s' il est vrai qu' on peut toujours en faire plus .
it 's a common mistake
the interest rate has been raised growth rates will suffer the investment climate will deteriorate
Et la plupart des gens réagissent vraiment bien à cette exercice .
it 's going skiing
Je pense que nous devons d' abord explorer la façon dont le FSE pourrait être utilisé , avec les instruments disponibles , afin d' améliorer les conditions sociales .
Je vous invite donc à vous prononcer en faveur de ce texte , et je remercie notre rapporteur pour la qualité de son travail .
J' ai donc été heureux d' apprendre que la Conférence de Londres avait réuni les États membres actuels , les candidats qui vont adopter la voie rapide et ceux qui vont adopter une voie plus lente .
quatrièmement , de respecter le droit de tout être humain de quitter tout pays et de demander protection internationale dans tout pays .
A Sao Paulo , Brésil , c' est devenu un événement annuel pour des milliers de gens qui courent sur un chemin d' Abraham virtuel , qui unit différentes communautés .
however one can not have flexibility without weakening the legislation
in this context the prime minister josé sócrates must now offer the portuguese newspaper o país a substantial explanation and must explain that he is not controlling curtailing or censuring freedom of expression in portugal
Je sais que tu veux me rendre heureux .
brazil became the sixth largest economy in the world
i am looking forward to cooperating with the european parliament
or perhaps our laws did not meet actual requirements
L’ accord devrait également permettre aux scientifiques de poursuivre leurs efforts de coopération régionale avec les pays voisins d’ Israël au profit de tous , et ce dans le contexte difficile qui prévaut actuellement au Moyen - Orient .
Les chiffres de l' OMS sont édifiants , un million d' empoisonnements graves par les pesticides avec quelque 220 000 décès chaque année .
madam president in this context it is a great shame that we in europe are still having to fight to limit the maximum working week
Travailler avec l' espace et les lignes dans l' espace de façon différente .
Je pense en particulier à la directive de Jacques Delors sur le CO2 -énergie , qui a été enterrée avec un bel empressement par le Conseil de ministres d' Essen , en 1994 .
Les Russes peuvent obtenir des informations à n' importe quel moment et n' importe où dans l' Union européenne .
L’ application du principe pollueur - payeur serait une étape clé dans cette direction .
Entre 1978 et 2000 , l' État britannique appliquait - il correctement la directive 73/239 / CEE sur l' assurance ?
it is a very healthy process for us all to be involved in
Après tout , nous devons pouvoir considérer ce qu' il ressortira de la commission ce soir .
we test it by prediction what is the next word in this you know
Ma question principale , à laquelle je voudrais une réponse , Monsieur le Président de la Commission , concerne les documents internes relatifs à Eurostat .
La question contestée concerne les actes délégués et les possibilités qu' a le Parlement d' exercer son droit de regard sur l' utilisation des instruments financiers communautaires .
eventually i resigned as principal investigator on our venus experiment because a planet changing before our eyes is more interesting and important
Ils étaient synchronisés un moment , puis ils se sont écartés .
the looming chatterbox on new york 's east river will also continue to bleat
Quoi qu’ il fasse , il le fait bien .
Je suis tombé amoureux d' elle au premier coup d' oeil .
Nous connaissons la situation , Monsieur le Commissaire , et par conséquent , nous n' avons pas besoin de nouvelles analyses .
BERLIN – Depuis maintenant deux ans , un sommet européen après l’ autre s’ est conclu sur l’ assurance que les mesures nécessaires avaient – enfin – été prises pour contenir la crise de la dette souveraine de la zone euro .
Mme Syroka et ses collègues tentent de promouvoir l’ utilisation des technologies financières modernes pour assurer l’ arrivée de l’ aide humanitaire en temps opportun , et en volumes suffisants , pour prévenir de tels résultats .
Donc ça vous donne une idée , en gros , des choses marrantes , et des choses sérieuses qu' on essaye de faire .
whereas tractors did not previously fall under the scope of the machinery directive as well as that of the tractor directive they are now covered by both
special report from the european ombudsman following the draft recommendation to the european commission in complaint 3453/2005 / gg debate
En effet , le journaliste s' est vu refuser une libération sous caution et est détenu dans des conditions abominables .
Les États membres et les producteurs d' œufs ont eu largement le temps de mettre en œuvre la directive relative à l' abandon de l' élevage en cages non aménagées .
i like this scene in particular
in a particularly dangerous environment the characteristic manifestations of ptsd -- a hyper - awareness of one 's surroundings a quick - trigger response to danger -- could save someone 's life
isolation will only make the population pay a greater price
this report takes a pragmatic approach in order to reconcile the numerous and varying wishes
Les cinq républiques d' Asie centrale partagent le même passé récent , à la suite de l' effondrement de l' Union soviétique , et ce sont toutes , naturellement , de très jeunes nations .
– the next item is the oral question to the commission by thierry cornillet on behalf of the group of the alliance of liberals and democrats for europe on the counterfeiting of medicinal products o-0039/2006 – b60310/2006
Nous avons eu aujourd'hui la très faible déclaration du G8 sur le commerce et les réformes .
Il ne pourra obtenir de résultats durables qu’ à condition que le populisme soit mis au service des réformes économiques libérales .
it is in this spirit this is the subject of amendment 7 of the report that europe must support networks and partnerships for example platforms of excellence that link small businesses research centres universities and private businesses
Cette proposition participe aux nombreuses initiatives visant à lutter contre l' immigration irrégulière .
Eux - mêmes ne sont jamais là pour contrôler l' usage qui est fait de cet argent .
Le tout étant toujours emballé dans les dogmes du service , du soutien au pacte de stabilité et de la flexibilité du marché du travail .
Les fruits sont de la nourriture et sont bons .
it is unfortunate that despite the results and progress fyrom has so far not been allowed to commence accession negotiations
Nous sommes donc tous des terroristes potentiels . Ou peut - être s' agit - il d' imposer un nouvel ordre juridique , dans lequel nos libertés devront d' abord être triées par les services secrets avant de nous être accordées ?
( PL ) Madame la Présidente , entre 14 et 25 % des travailleuses de l' Union européenne sont employées dans l' industrie .
voices woohoo yeah nice
and i think corruption and the fight against corruption and the impact of corruption is probably one of the most interesting ways to illustrate what i mean with this failure of governance
Le commerce est un volet essentiel de cet accord , mais il n' est pas le seul .
Si un pays possède une politique de la concurrence correcte et a harmonisé ses normes et ses dispositions dans ce domaine , il est apte à accroître ses échanges commerciaux et à faire face à la concurrence .
Par exemple , au cours des dix dernières années , le budget britannique , dont le caractère modeste est bien connu , a augmenté de 100 % , soit 2,5 fois plus que le budget de l' UE .
please consider very carefully how you decide regarding these proposed amendments
far from being a religious fanatic merah grew up as a petty criminal with no interest in religion
Ces mesures de protection physique concernent notamment le contrôle de l' accès aux installations et incluent l' interdiction de les survoler .
the european union approach must be governed by three key principles ensuring safe water supplies arresting the decline of water quality and the restoration of polluted waters
but to attribute the performance of russian business to the efforts of the state is the same as attributing a writer 's work to his editor or even to his censor
the fact that the man was black might or might not have made the cop go for his handcuffs even sooner than he might normally have done
Le texte final est le résultat d' un compromis avec la majorité du Conseil , qui laisse 30 mois aux États membres pour la transposer .
Comme l' a très justement fait remarquer le rapporteur .
it is for this reason that whilst we approve some of the amendments we shall abstain from voting on this report
Le Conseil travaille avec des organisations nongouvernementales afin de s' attaquer au problème des réfugiés birmans des deux côtés de la frontière .
or we can use both we can use actually biomaterials and the cells together and that 's where the field is today
there were no links from northern ireland to mainland united kingdom and europe
anyone who runs into such a figure would sneer and mock him
how can it be
with france and germany acting like great powers the process of reaching a decision on the assistance package was very expensive and protracted
Il devra donc être en état .
indeed in the united states lessons from the katrina experience appear to have strengthened response capacity as shown by the rapid and effective intervention following hurricane sandy
my spine curves spiral
it is of the utmost importance for impunity to be no longer acceptable and for this now also to be universally known
L' Union européenne est liée aux droits de l' homme ; sa gloire véritable n' est ni l' euro , ni le marché , mais la dignité humaine .
he is really crazy about surfing
it is clear that there are real economic problems in the eurozone and i have heard nothing from mr trichet that would indicate his ability to solve them
Proposition de résolution commune sur la réunion du Conseil européen extraordinaire du 21 septembre 2001 à Bruxelles
the liberalization of direct mail and incoming cross - border post has not only been postponed but what is more the council and parliament will have to decide on them again in the year 2000
La nécessité expresse d' assurer la continuité et de renforcer la politique régionale à l' avenir mérite d' être partagée , ainsi que l' opposition à un retrait éventuel de certaines régions de l' objectif 1 , pour des raisons purement statistiques .
but it is a downright dangerous one when undertaken to benefit one man alone
that 's what the boss wants
here is the medicine this is what has to undergo the major testing
Il n' a pas de retombées défavorables sur l' environnement et il protège le paysage rural .
L' investissement déclinera , entraînant vers le fond la Grèce et l' Espagne prisonnières d' une spirale descendante infernale .
La lutte phytosanitaire biologique reste une priorité des forestiers .
J' aimerais également faire un commentaire sur la question de l' Autriche .
on the contrary i think that we have a system that leaves scope for continuous improvement
one gram 's 80,000 individuals 80,000 individuals are good enough to control one acre 4,000 square meters of a strawberry plot against spider mites for the whole season of almost one year
Je pense , comme la responsable de la commission de l' environnement , Mme Schörling , que pour empêcher la criminalité environnementale , il faut aussi que nous ayons une législation efficace en matière de responsabilité environnementale .
chinese culture stretches three thousand years into the past and perhaps thousands of years into the future
the suggestions of the council for an action programme and the proposal under consideration to develop a system for emissions trading within the community are steps in the right direction
and we ca n't have illegal dumping it 's against the law
he reached out for the sugar that was on the other table
Il se sont sentis plutôt stupides , alors ils se sont mis à envoyer leurs signalements plus vite .
as regards amendment no 4 the commission understands parliament 's desire to have a tool for assessing the monitoring measures for drugs precursors
Il m' a dit que la meilleure partie de sa vie , c' était quand il était membre des Brigades Rouges . Il naviguait chaque été , faisant des allers - retours au Liban où il embarquait des armes soviétiques auprès de l' OLP pour les emmener en Sardaigne où d' autres organisations armées européennes venaient pour récupérer leurs lots .
this is a paradox about this operation which we have to accept
i agree wholeheartedly with this statement
and yes if we talk about the future let us not forget the fight against climate change
Plus récemment , grâce à des mesures qui s' ajoutent au train de mesures sur le changement climatique et l' énergie , elle a renforcé son action visant à faire un usage plus rentable et plus efficient de l' énergie .
Madame la Commissaire , chers collègues , j' ai souhaité intervenir ce soir dans ce débat pour deux raisons .
without the political support and the goodwill of the people of europe the eu as a political and economic entity will be badly weakened
Sans aucune considération pour les effets dévastateurs que cela aurait pour la technologie du diesel , il est également proposé de porter le montant les accises sur le gazole au niveau de celui des accises sur l’ essence sans plomb .
Présumer , à l’ instar de certains marchands ultra-libéraux , que l' absence de protection sociale vous rend fort , est une erreur .
La deuxième , c' est qu' il a permis d' obtenir des engagements financiers en faveur des pays émergents pour les aider précisément à lutter contre le réchauffement climatique .
La Commission salue dès lors le présent rapport de M. Medina Ortega sur " Mieux légiférer " .
the economic and financial crisis also brought a sharp fall in world trade
Les autres membres qui ont demandé la parole n' ont pas fait l' objet de remarques personnelles .
Je pense que ce dialogue serait très important pour montrer à l' opinion publique qu' on ne créé pas une tour d' ivoire , mais un organe tenu de rendre des comptes devant une institution comme le Parlement européen .
yet the budget cutters have a fallback position
so the question is why
president of the commission - speaking frankly i am not looking at this point in terms of a fight for competence or grabbing power
Ce dossier est en cours depuis plus de 10 ans .
as mrs frahm mentioned in relation to registration it is absolutely incredible that you can actually trace a piece of meat or an agricultural product yet you can not trace a lethal weapon
Patrick Ewing , qui a joué pour Georgetown dans les années 80 , revient tout les étés .
sometimes accepting help is harder than offering it
these are issues that should be included on the eu ’s list of priority areas for aid to iraq
Le rapporteur prie aussi instamment le Conseil de prendre en considération les positions du Parlement lorsqu' il prend ses décisions .
Il est maintenant urgent que celui - ci soit opérationnel le plus rapidement possible .
Il est on ne peut plus justifié que vous placiez l’ énergie et la Russie parmi les priorités de votre agenda .
it so happens mr president that although those countries agreed to the clause on democracy in their cooperation agreements with the european union they receive the worst treatment in real terms under the community budget
J' estime donc que le Président a agi tout à fait correctement .
Et ils posent une série de questions vraiment intéressantes .
as the president - in - office of the council - and you too vice - president - mentioned it is intrinsically better on environmental and economic grounds to avoid unladen journeys in europe
let us be quite clear there is racism in drugs
Prenez des positions en concertation avec votre client .
C’ est pour nous la seule manière de préserver , et effectivement de développer , le modèle social européen .
you will exist but you will never know what it is to live
this can be achieved through a minimum income with the help of additional state social benefits
La Commission pourra les mettre en œuvre de façon semi automatique grâce à la loi de la majorité qualifiée inversée .
La Commission apprécierait un feed - back du Parlement européen concernant l' approche proposée dans cette importante communication .
Ce qui importe , par contre , ce sont la dissolution des structures sociales comme la famille traditionnelle , l' isolement croissant des jeunes devant la télévision ou leur écran d' ordinateur et souvent l' absence d' alternatives .
L' exposé des motifs comme les conclusions substantielles font état de maints aspects négatifs de l' actuel état économique et social de l' Union .
Le leitmotiv de ce débat pourrait bien être « L' emploi , c' est nous » .
mr president i should first of all like to thank and congratulate mrs ries she has done important work in fleshing out the environment and health action plan more effectively
this means that the legislative process is maturing and becoming more and more consensual
i would like to ask the chairman of the relevant committee to give his opinion
Le programme de gestion , judicieux et efficace , pour l' an 2000 vise la rationalisation de l' administration , la simplification des procédures , l' amélioration de la transparence et la réduction de la bureaucratie au sein de notre administration .
Nous ne pouvons en effet apporter un soutien de ce type qu' à la condition de recevoir des explications détaillées .
in its draft country strategy papers for individual countries the commission has repeatedly overstepped its executive powers and not taken the aims of the dci into account
i hope that we will vote tomorrow on a joint resolution tabled by several political groups as well as on a number of amendments
Lutter contre le crime organisé demande de l’ État qu’ il reprenne le contrôle de son propre territoire . Une meilleure sécurité dans les ports du Ghana et du Sénégal par exemple ébranle le commerce illégal qui transite par ces pays .
my credit card was rejected by the atm
creative and innovative thinking is needed about iraq otherwise today 's mayhem will continue -- and worsen
use of the opt - out will not be restricted no monitoring will be introduced and workers will have to continue working up to 78 hours a week
Oui , la physique subatomique est dé-constructive .
Je serai toujours là pour toi .
Euh , êtes - vous du Canada ? " " Eh , moi aussi ! Salut ! "
Si cela se produit , il pourrait y avoir pandémie .
Ces compromis stipulent que rien dans les traités ne modifiera les prérogatives irlandaises sur l’ avortement , son statut de neutralité militaire , et sa politique fiscale .
Monsieur le Président , merci pour vos questions .
Un objectif de 18 % est raisonnable et il est d' ailleurs demandé par la Commission .
equally the union must demand transparency in the voting process and reject secret ballots a practice that really exists especially when it comes to listing species in annexes
there is a need in any case for these proposals to be implemented at the global level
it also lays down measures to reinforce market surveillance by the member states and new obligations for manufacturers
Monsieur le Président , je laisse de côté les diagnostics , déjà largement développés ici , pour me concentrer sur trois points , sorte de pronostic sur les actions à entreprendre .
i think it plays a very important role
cfp and the ecosystem approach to fisheries management
i have listed a number of points
La résolution préconise , à juste titre , des efforts plus soutenus en matière de médiation , de compromis et de solutions pacifiques .
Je puis concevoir que ce soit le cas , en effet , mais il est nécessaire de réaliser des tests indépendants également .
is it a comedy
Les appels pour mettre en commun les efforts européens ont été nombreux , basés sur la conviction qu' une telle attitude constitue le seul moyen pour les gouvernements européens de jouer un rôle international plus efficace .
we need to look at and consider the various technical developments that have been achieved in the fields of radio television and the internet
i 'll have her come here
Bizarrement , alors même qu’ il n’ est pas certain que le NMD aboutisse , le débat bat son plein .
L’ actuel programme Jeunesse arrive à terme en 2006 et cette proposition entend lancer un programme qui lui succédera - Jeunesse en action - pour la période 2007 - 2013 .
Un autre obstacle auquel se heurtent les travailleurs qui tentent d' avoir accès au Fonds d' ajustement à la mondialisation est qu' il n' est disponible pour les travailleurs que si leur gouvernement accepte d' en faire la demande et de payer la quote - part nationale .
fr mr president the finnish presidency told us we needed a europe of results
they are not the eu 's representatives in the member states
La Commission se doit d' indiquer aux citoyens de l' Union les réformes qui sont nécessaires pour mettre en place cet avenir , et elle assumera cette responsabilité jusqu' au bout .
this is why we should act now and not leave the people of kosovo in the lurch
it is not the interests of foreign immigrants including those of our fellow human beings in distress that we primarily have in mind
Pendant ce temps , les données satellitaires montrent que la calotte glaciaire de l' Antarctique , qui est dix fois plus grande que celle du Groenland , est aussi en train de fondre .
i therefore hope that this action plan and the report on quality and safety will help member states to standardise their criteria and that they will be used as a benchmark for the future
you are definitely wrong mr helmer because it is about solidarity
lastly we have to organise the coordination of international relief efforts that is always very difficult in these kinds of circumstances
something else you see that you talk about -- americans do n't talk about this but you do
Cependant , les mesures prises pour atteindre ces objectifs doivent être définies au niveau national .
however equipping millions of containers with tracking devices would be costly and a proper assessment of the benefits must be carried out before taking a final decision to make such tracking systems mandatory
the credit for having made a good start unquestionably goes to you
Ils ont un niveau très élevé . Ça baisse .
( Applaudissements vifs et prolongés , agitation )
Aider le Kosovo , je suis pour .
Il va vers la tribune , amis de la fédération [ la FNB ] ,
On ne peut effacer le passé .
our awareness campaign in relation to this measure will begin on 1 january 2003
the public sector should play a more significant role in improving the situation by combining supply and demand in the european union
Nous devons également éviter de créer un système présidentiel qui fonctionne indépendamment du Conseil , de la Commission et des États membres .
La Commission a échoué précisément dans son but tracé par son Président au début de son mandat : agir moins pour agir mieux .
this interinstitutional agreement was adopted in may
between 1994 and 2006 the member states have been wrongly allocated a phenomenal eur 7.7 billion in the area of cohesion policy
Dans cet esprit , la Commission a défini une politique sociale très particulière qui encourage la qualification et la mobilité des travailleurs sur des conditions minimales de formation censées permettre une meilleure adaptabilité aux marchés du travail .
Je soutiens entièrement le point 10 du rapport , où l' on lit que les aides attribuées aux producteurs de tabac devraient , à l' heure actuelle , avoir pour objectif la réduction progressive de ces cultures , jusqu' à leur disparition totale .
Toutefois , en substituant la Loi fondamentale pour le Führer dans l' amendement après-guerre du crime , les Allemands contemporains ont effectivement invalidé le crime de trahison .
En premier lieu , rendre le consentement libre de toute ambiguïté sera très fastidieux dans la pratique .
has anything strange happened
Dans les jours qui ont suivi la présentation de la « Feuille de route pour la paix entre Israël et la Palestine » , un nouveau cycle de violence a explosé entre les deux parties en conflit .
Ce n' est pas la première fois que nous discutons de cette question .
that is what the electoral rules say in our countries
now why is this story important
i find it disappointing that on the occasion of a festive event like the olympic games restrictions are being placed on the chinese - language satellite broadcaster which transmits from the west
A InteraXon , la technologie intra-active est l' une de nos missions essentielles .
this may be good news for refugees in darfur and neighbouring countries
i therefore wish that over the next year the commission might devote more energy to developing environment - driven growth
Et ceci est l' essence même , ce qui nous passionne . Parce que nous nous sommes détachés de la communauté que nous constituons , le fait que nous nous aimons vraiment les uns les autres et voulons prendre soin mutuellement de nous .
as kennan explained when america goes to war over something less than a vital interest the adversary – for whom vital interests are at stake – will fight long after the war has become too unpopular at home to sustain
it is just that i did not react immediately
you coming you no coming
will he pass the examination i am afraid not
she waited for him to come home
Je l' ai accepté cette fois - ci parce que 90 % du texte du Parlement a été adopté et parce que cette Assemblée n' a connu aucune perte majeure .
on this point too i agree with the previous speakers
C' est le secteur privé qui crée les emplois .
the post - kyoto era must therefore be a time for credible action
as far as the anonymity of this data goes in my view it should be comparable to banking data
they love their kids
La question la plus importante et la plus litigieuse était toutefois de savoir si le contrôle , la notification et l' enregistrement devaient avoir lieu avant ou après l' exportation .
i should now like to return to the speech made by commission president barrosso in this chamber in which he clearly stated that the union must have a strong and independent commission
Certains d' entre eux étaient très irréguliers .
Deuxièmement : il est certain qu' une politique de préservation de l' environnement marin doit être appliquée tant dans les mers communautaires que dans les eaux des pays tiers ou internationales .
La stratégie Europe 2020 ouvre la voie à toutes ces possibilités , et il appartient aux États membres d' en tirer pleinement profit afin de stimuler la création d' emplois et de donner un nouvel élan à l' économie européenne .
sam is two years younger than tom
this is from my second book
how can we talk about quality after that
Ils perdaient un cinquième de leurs enfants avant la première année .
Supposez que nous remédions à ces choses - là -- que nous fassions quelque chose pour les combattre .
Le Portugal n' a pas besoin d' aide extérieure : il a seulement besoin d' un financement pour son économie et ses familles à des taux d' intérêt raisonnables .
Essayez de ne pas vomir .
mr president the slower - than - slow approach to reducing emissions that was adopted in buenos aires is like trying to have a wash without getting wet
he got religion on his deathbed
we need to follow up with actions
Le transfert transfrontalier illicite des armes à feu et le transfert des armes non marquées constituent dès lors d' importantes sources d' armes illégales .
according to the paper there was an earthquake in mexico
Monsieur le Président , les importantes déclarations de notre collègue Klass exigent d' être complétées .
J' ai commencé à travailler sur ce projet -- oh , je dois rapidement vous en parler .
the member states can thus promote schemes for re - use of packaging provided it takes place in accordance with the treaty
for example the council must now ask itself whether it actually has the right to rule on what is and what is not legislation
in my opinion the report sets the right balance between the need to ensure freedom of parliamentary expression and vibrant debate on the one hand and dignified conduct of business on the other
women age faster than men
Pourquoi doivent - ils payer les taxes ? "
those who have n't lived in the eighteenth century before the revolution do not know the sweetness of life
Nous avons soutenu de nombreux paragraphes sur lesquels les groupes S&D / PPE / ALDE ont demandé un vote séparé .
my request to the commission and the council and especially to the council is that they draw up a more consistent and well thought - out general plan for the smes
this can no longer be termed the third way - these actions blatantly overstep the mark
Il nous faut encore mieux exploiter les nouvelles technologies et élargir notre accès à la télévision qui constitue pour 70 % des citoyens la principale sinon l' unique source d' information .
he 's now a college student
Ces progrès , et je m’ en félicite , sont dus en grande partie à l’ excellent travail accompli par l’ Agence pour la reconstruction du Kosovo .
please be careful
the next item is the council and commission statements on the fifth session of the un human rights council which will take place in geneva on 11 - 19 june 2007
Mais il convient de prêter attention à certaines questions .
Encore une fois , ce n' est qu' un début et prenons - le comme tel .
La mise en place d' un système de contrôle adapté aux besoins du secteur de la pêche est un important pas en avant .
Je pense ici surtout à la possibilité qui est la nôtre de soutenir des projets par le biais des programmes Oisin et Falcone .
i want to know the people behind my dinner choices
Tandis que si nous les faisons lourds , ils seront à la fois dangereux et inefficaces .
Il a été mis à l' honneur pour avoir sauvé une vie .
this is an interior design firm that is literally called utopia
the us experience is consistent with oecd evidence that students from countries with greater income inequality score lower on academic achievement tests
La Chambre est peut - être souveraine , mais elle doit néanmoins respecter ses propres règles .
Aujourd'hui déjà , nous opérons les préparatifs indispensables . Nous avons donc besoin d' orientations fortes , telles que prévues par le rapporteur principal , et ce aussi dans le domaine de la pêche .
Nous savons tous que l’ efficacité est absolument indispensable .
his behavior is very odd today
Et je crois qu' en la matière aussi , on facilite la tâche de la Banque centrale européenne en se dispensant de déclarations trop publiques , et parfois intempestives .
Concernant la troisième question sur les priorités , vous avez absolument raison .
En marge de cet accord , un compromis politique a subordonné l' approbation finale du projet commun du Parlement européen à la présentation par la Commission d' une nouvelle proposition spécifique sur les boissons alcoolisées .
calm down i ca n't hear you
i hope that what you announced will come to fruition
the statistic which shows that one in every three people may get cancer would terrify anyone
par écrit . - ( EN ) Les députés de l' UKIP se sont abstenus , car nous pensons qu' il n' appartient pas à l' Union européenne de décider d' envoyer l' argent des contribuables aux victimes du séisme survenu en Italie .
the final thing we need are choices for leaders
Vito est un voleur de bicyclettes .
( EN ) M. le Président , je souhaite mentionner quelques points qui , je l' espère , figureront à l' agenda du sommet du 10 juin .
De plus en plus , les consommateurs regardent la culture de l' entreprise , recherchent son comportement sur le marché .
we are all seeking to ensure that we put in place a treaty which can govern the operation of the union over the next 50 years
she donated countless pieces to the museum
Les accusations génériques qui discréditent aux yeux du public non seulement certains membres , mais aussi la totalité du Parlement ne sont d' aucune utilité .
On doit nous informer sur les vraies intentions de la Commission .
Un autre signe est le fait que les conclusions proposées par la Présidence suédoise ont également été adoptées à l' unanimité , y compris celles concernant Jérusalem - Est .
the ombudsman therefore now has a legal basis and one which i would say has been strengthened to carry out his activities properly
La question est donc : que se passe -t -il pendant cette période critique de deux mois ?
Dans d' autres capitales d' Europe , nous avons le même problème : les anarchistes en asile forment un État dans l' État .
i have already said in committee that the commission could perhaps have been a little more emphatic about its own position but this is a very good report
Je n' avais pas d' autre choix que de prendre cet avion .
finally given that reference has been made to my personal experience i would like to end by saying that it is sometimes difficult to judge whether an arms export licence should be granted or not
at this stage in the history of the middle east we should be focusing on the elections in israel and the palestinian territories
consumers need accurate information in order to be able to defend their rights
but we should not confuse these values with the other essential elements of progress such as establishing liberalized trade regimes creating institutional structures with a separation of powers and rooting out corruption
he has no hope of getting ahead
sadat ’s spectacular leap into the future needed to be met by israel ’s prime minister menachem begin at almost every juncture down a tortuous road to peace
mortgage lenders seem to have believed that home buyers would not default because rising prices would make keeping up with their payments very attractive
Mais leur peuple exige à juste titre que le gouvernement ne se contente pas de servir les intérêts d' autrui .
the many amendments tabled by my group have in my view brought about some good compromises even though not all our hopes have been fulfilled
Les élections municipales et régionales qui venaient d' avoir lieu ont été annulées , et l' armée s' est saisie des pouvoirs législatifs et exécutifs depuis que l' assemblée nationale a été dissoute .
the unhcr is struggling to find the resources to cope with these human tragedies and has recently downsized its operations
Officiellement ces deux pays se montrent favorables à l' enquête de l' ONU , mais en privé , leurs dirigeants ont lourdement incité le gouvernement libanais à relâcher la pression sur la Syrie .
Avant le vote
A l' heure actuelle , environ 60 pour cent des grandes entreprises ont effectivement des programmes comme celui - ci en place .
i also know that mr staes is pleased with the cooperation and the way in which we have been able to reach compromises as well as with mrs paulsen 's work with the shadow rapporteur
i should like to return briefly to the code of good administrative conduct because the reports by mr wyn and mr koukiadis raise this matter
the member states have already accepted these principles within the framework of the international civil aviation organisation
En outre , les marchés financiers internationaux considèrent les fondements de l’ économie de la Colombie comme sains .
on the issue of frontex i also wanted to say that i support the additional funding for frontex - we doubled the funding for the agency
Je voudrais à nouveau souligner le rôle crucial que l' État doit jouer pour empêcher une crise mondiale en intervenant sur les marchés financiers locaux .
Les décideurs américains et européens ne sont pas convaincus que les gouvernements étrangers ( et leurs fonds souverains ) n’ investissent que pour des raisons commerciales .
the three central institutional questions confronting the intergovernmental conference are the future organization of the commission and the council as well as determining the role of the future president of the european council
Si ce dossier fait l' objet d' une directive , il conviendrait de conserver la méthode d' approche de la Commission , qui tient compte des disparités entre marchés .
how many close friends do you have
moreover its recommendations on how to further strengthen this process and improve the election framework will be raised in the dialogue with the pakistani authorities
she gave in to the temptation
what we are dealing with is the past
Une fois de plus , je pus échapper à la mort .
Enfin , de petites sommes d’ argent , destinées à résoudre des problèmes pratiques , peuvent faire des différences historiques .
france has stated that a decree on this matter will be approved before 31 october 2001
Notre rôle en tant que parlementaires est de participer au progrès , de l' encourager et non de le freiner .
Vous ne pouvez pas ne pas avoir l' oreille musicale . Personne .
Monsieur le Président , cela me fait un peu penser à un drame grec : quel que soit le choix , cela finit mal .
if the president of the commission is to be believed then change we shall have and we welcome his statement
we draw this set of nested spheres cut away so you see it
ro it is vital for new technologies to be introduced and used as far as possible in the judicial process
it should articulate more clearly europe ’s future military roles and missions determine the military capabilities required identify shortfalls and develop projects and initiatives to address the most critical gaps
Au nom de la présidence , je me félicite de cette possibilité de débattre du traité de Lisbonne .
you can also just sort of give vague input and then try and have wolfram alpha figure out what you 're talking about
Je me rappelle l' époque où il était un sprinter de renom , et je me réjouissais alors qu' un sportif européen puisse faire échec à la domination américaine .
Nous pouvons continuer à jouer pour autant que nous ne fassions pas trop de bruit .
Je suis convaincu que la réalisation d' économies , l' utilisation de nouvelles technologies moins énergivores et , bien sûr , la diversification des sources d' énergie , forment la clé , ou du moins l' une des clés , permettant de résoudre ce problème .
but at the same time we must not forget to include in the discussions those players who operate in this market in order to get their view of the problems and to find out about possible solutions
Mais en gros ce dont je parlais à l' époque , nous l' avons réalisé .
Or , l' excellent rapport de notre collègue révèle des lacunes en la matière , lacunes sérieuses dans la perspective de l' Agenda 2000 .
the report that is before you is constructive but not naive in my view
the european parliament and the council have now agreed on a compromise this compromise does not contain amendments 138 and 166 in their original form
when does the council intend to take action in these matters
can you help me please
subject eu election observation missions
Il est toutefois important que le Parlement soit associé à un accord interinstitutionnel , au plus tard lorsque la Convention aura fini sa réforme , et que le Traité sera amendé .
some members however want every airline with a capital share to be automatically defined as a parent company
Ce qui est toutefois plus grave , c’ est que la résolution ouvre la porte à la possibilité de guerres préventives dont le mandat aurait été donné par le Conseil de sécurité des Nations unies .
as in soviet times the main task of today ’s ruling elite – putin and his former kgb associates – is to preserve their tight - knit political and economic regime built for their personal control and material benefit
D' une part , une liberté considérable accordée aux entreprises en matière de restructuration et de délocalisation mais d' autre part , très peu de droits octroyés aux travailleurs concernés .
Au niveau international , mon collègue , M. Lamy a eu à s' opposer à une initiative américaine similaire , qui avait été lancée à l' encontre de certaines entreprises publiques européennes dans le domaine des télécommunications .
first of all concerning the brenner which seem to raise some questions
La Suède aussi dispose de telles obligations , tout comme d' autres pays .
even america ’s closest allies – saudi arabia egypt and israel – are vulnerable as they face the aggressive expansion of “ radical forces ” represented by iran hamas hezbollah syria and the iraqi resistance
i can inform you that all the member states have transposed the directive
Dans mon pays , dans ma région , nous nous battons avec les syndicats de cheminots , avec les comités d' usagers pour que ces directives scélérates ne soient pas appliquées et rejoignent ainsi les poubelles de l' histoire .
there are one or two things where i think we need further time and perhaps further consideration
L' immigration légale doit être soutenue . Dans le même temps , des mesures efficaces doivent être prises pour lutter contre l' immigration illégale et la traite des êtres humains .
Il a été rappelé rejoindre le gouvernement portugais .
À la réunion ministérielle régulière , il a récemment été convenu de renforcer le dialogue entre l’ UE et l’ OPEP .
obviously a vote in parliament will not bring about this upheaval although it is an essential need for humanity
Je sais que ce n' est pas une commission très influente dans ce Parlement et que tout le monde ne l' apprécie pas de la même façon .
C' est pourquoi il est important de transmettre une nouvelle fois la directive à la Commission , afin que l' on réfléchisse encore une fois à la situation .
Monsieur le Président , Monsieur le Commissaire , chers collègues , l' échec de ces négociations me suggère trois observations : la première est le manque extrême de souplesse de la part du Maroc .
we have two options
Même si on a enregistré ces derniers mois une diminution des chiffres absolus dans l' UE , le nombre total de sans-emploi reste beaucoup trop élevé .
Le nouveau partenariat permettra d' empêcher que certains différents commerciaux bilatéraux ne débouchent sur une menace de sanctions , comme dans le cas de la politique de la banane menée par l' Union européenne .
us congresswoman linda sanchez says that if foreign presidents do n’t speak up for their constituents in america few others will
J' ai pris le train de 10 : 30 , lequel était en retard de dix minutes .
i would like to see the commission achieve what it has proposed to do first and then take it from there
J' aime les châteaux .
Le message était clair : il faut avancer .
De tout cela , nous devons tirer les leçons .
as soon as i realized this i investigated the underlying relationship between four prevalent air pollutants and their affect on the lung health of asthmatic patients
Il ne fait aucun doute que les fonds régionaux ont contribué à la stratégie de Lisbonne .
palestinian opinion offers a different option for restraining hamas and dismantling the ` ` infrastructure of violence incorporating hamas and islamic jihad and other factions into the political process
Mais ce n' est pas notre scénario .
Si vous pensez aux gens et aux prêts hypothécaires et à l' achat de maisons et ensuite à ne pas être en mesure de les payer , nous devons y réfléchir .
this is something you need to look into commissioner
member of the commission - mr president thank you all for very interesting contributions especially the introductory exposé of klaus - heiner lehne
this is in response to the awful mobile trailers and the outdated textbooks and the terrible materials that we 're building schools out of these days
Or , nous sommes en 2006 et de nombreuses femmes gagnent encore moins que les hommes pour le même travail ou ont des contrats qui ne correspondent pas aux tâches qu’ elles accomplissent effectivement .
Si tu avais traîné par là , tu aurais rencontré la fille que je voyais .
however in the case of self - employed hauliers the employer and the employee are the same person and protecting private transporters from themselves is an extreme measure
Car , en attendant la mise en place d' une réelle diplomatie commune et d' une réelle politique européenne de la défense , le Soft Power européen et sa diplomatie culturelle sont parmi les rares outils d' influence à notre disposition .
second we thought that the depositors prone to panic would always be small depositors – households and small firms – rather than corporations or professional investors
Nous avions l' impression d' être des parents de substitution .
the european union has always supported the principle of the shortest route and that means that we need the appropriate transit routes through switzerland
Le second point concerne l’ allégement de la dette , dont ont parlé de nombreux orateurs .
that is of paramount importance and must be done
vegetables they might yet save the oceans
to put it in perspective the christmas bonuses paid this year on wall street – just the bonuses – amounted to $ 24 billion
we must see that objective information reaches the citizens of belarus via channels which they are accustomed to
visionaries such as mahatma gandhi martin luther king jr and nelson mandela may inspire a demand for justice
colorless green ideas sleep furiously
J’ ai exposé ma propre philosophie à l’ occasion des discours que j’ ai récemment tenus à Bocconi et à l’ OCDE à Paris , où étaient réunies toutes les autorités nationales du monde entier actives dans le domaine de la concurrence .
the rules are an element of the legislation that applies until 2013
PM : Il s' agit , pour nous tous , hommes et femmes , de trouver nos façons de définir nos rôles , et de les accomplir de manière à ce qu' ils fassent une différence dans le monde et agissent sur le futur .
Il y a beaucoup de beaux endroits au Japon .
Tout d' abord , l' UE doit définir ses intérêts stratégiques communs , par exemple en ce qui concerne la sécurité énergétique et la politique de voisinage .
Il y a ensuite le deuxième siège à Strasbourg .
Je crois qu' il est possible d' aller un peu plus loin tout en garantissant ce consensus , et à cet égard , je remercie les députés pour leurs commentaires visant à soutenir les amendements proposés .
you have to know where your resource is coming from
mary showed the letter to me
Les guerres révolutionnaires ne sont pas le moyen le plus sûr d’ y parvenir .
all this is to be found in the appendix to the proposal we are to vote on tomorrow
with whom did you go
Un jour , tous ces livres vaudront leur pesant d' or .
Ce n' est pas le cas au Japon .
in order to combat aids effectively we need more than simply abc
mother has been sick since last thursday
Le Chili est passé à un rythme de croissance soutenu dans les années 1980 après une dépréciation .
Le train n' est plus propre non plus , et certainement pas les locomotives diesel .
Je pense que ce qui est dit à propos du comité de conciliation méritent une attention particulière .
À l' avenir , nous aurons également besoin d' une vision plus claire et plus détaillée de la façon dont les choses doivent fonctionner .
Qu' aime - t - on manger au déjeuner ?
yet the proposals of the bullmann report could well have vastly accentuated this sideways shift
Nous avons peu de temps . Dépêchons - nous .
Le football de la première division anglaise est très populaire , par exemple en Irlande , et la Premier League a modifié sa politique des droits vis-à-vis de l’ Irlande à la suite de l’ intervention de la Commission .
Bien sûr , la compréhension de cette structure est très importante pour promouvoir des traitements .
these are obvious demands that should be made of a country that so blatantly violates the undertakings it has made namely to respect human rights and international law
despite this it is mainly in islamic countries that it is practised
On verra ce qui sera fait de cette fonction .
the next item consists of the statements of the council and the commission on the situation in south africa
La répression exercée par Chişinău permet maintenant aux autorités de communiquer avec la population .
Cela s' explique par une concurrence faible .
germany wishes to establish good relations for itself with russia at the expense of the countries of central europe
Cela devrait amener le Parlement à bien examiner à quelle lecture , la première ou la deuxième , il voit l' élément essentiel de sa prise d' influence .
N' oublions pas que la plupart des personnes déplacées dans le monde affluent dans les pays en développement .
mr president those of our fellow - members who are currently with the delegation in kiev simply asked for the deletion of recital m which reads
food if you come to the barefoot college is solar cooked
i will not eat ice cream
minimum reserve requirements were then abolished in the wave of banking deregulation which followed
Clairement , sur la base de notre courte discussion de cet après-midi , c’ est une famille où , comme dans toutes les familles , on peut parfois ne pas être d’ accord .
last november the country started to negotiate a stabilisation and association agreement with the european union
À un stade aussi avancé que janvier 2006 , les pays de l' UE ont commencé à réaliser que l' énergie était utilisée et continuerait à l' être par la Russie comme un instrument central des politiques étrangères .
Permettez - moi encore une remarque de conclusion , que j' avais déjà reprise dans mon rapport de l' an dernier .
Je propose également que nous votions individuellement , amendement par amendement , de 38 à 69 et de 245 à 256 .
public freedoms and fundamental rights are enshrined in our constitutions and in our national and european laws
Les événements survenus récemment au Sud - Liban rappellent les dangers encourus par la population civile du fait des restes explosifs de guerre , et plus particulièrement des bombes à fragmentation , ainsi que la complexité et le coût des opérations de nettoyage .
Et nous avons le sentiment que si , au cours des 5 prochaines années , l’ Ethiopie peut capter 40 % , juste 40 % de son marché domestique et ajouter seulement 25 % en valeur à ce marché , la valeur du marché aura doublé .
Tout en bénéficiant du travail accompli lors du sommet de Madrid , la présidence irlandaise a également bénéficié du progrès accompli sous la présidence italienne , en particulier du progrès enregistré au cours du Conseil informel de Vérone en avril .
the new charter of scientists now under discussion in the european commission should improve the situation by making flexible career tracks compatible with transferable social benefits
Cette proposition de directive a trait à des évaluations stratégiques environnementales ( ESE ) , ce qui , en résumé , se traduit par une procédure systématique d' identification , d' analyse et d' évaluation des conséquences et des effets probables sur l' environnement des différents plans et programmes d' action .
Les oiseaux aux mêmes plumes se rassemblent entre eux .
in the end programmes in south - east asia and particularly in indonesia were to the detriment of poor strata of the population when for example subsidies for basic foodstuffs were cancelled
the reason that my group and i are nevertheless opposed to the eu 's accession to the european convention on human rights is the fact that the disadvantages clearly outweigh the advantages
Qui m' a permis de croire que les personnes intimes que l' on a aimées et perdues dans notre famille , et les icônes célèbres que l' on a respectées tout au long de notre Histoire , peuvent , comme Abraham Lincoln voulait le croire , continuer à vivre , aussi longtemps que l' on s' engage à raconter et re-raconter l' histoire de leur vie .
Ces produits seront alors moins accessibles alors que de nombreuses personnes complètent leur alimentation par des compléments alimentaires afin de se sentir mieux et en bonne santé .
Le débat de Lisbonne a débouché sur un accord substantiel sur la plupart des matières .
according to the commission 's answer to my previous question on the use of a mathematical formula in awarding public contracts in greece h-0097/03
today the situation is reversed europe has the problem of disposing of its surpluses
let 's keep in touch
Et il s' avère que -- voici le gros plan qui date de 2001 .
i hope that my statement has also been sufficiently transparent
let me stress at this point how important the supervisory committee ’s report on this matter will be to us
C' est cette participation aux missions de paix qui a conduit à la résolution de nombreuses guerres civiles .
Quel est le meilleur candidat pour l' Amérique latine ? Que Barack Obama ou Hillary Clinton soit le candidat démocrate ; que ce soit l' un d' eux qui remporte les élections en novembre ou le républicain John McCain , quelle différence ?
Songez par exemple aux voyages à destination des pays islamiques , dont les prescriptions religieuses exigent des animaux rigoureusement vivants .
N' en restons pas à cet unique rapport .
we 're doing it this time with toxic ideas
Arrêtons cette conversation infructueuse .
i try to encourage them but i can not force them
J' aimerais signaler qu' une harmonisation à l' échelle européenne est indispensable si nous voulons garantir des règles du jeu équitables sur l' ensemble du territoire européen afin que les citoyens puissent bénéficier des avantages d' un marché intérieur unique .
furthermore as you know the european union makes a contribution to the united nations high commission for refugees which came to eur 66.3 million in 1999
Comme je l' ai déjà dit , c' est ce que nous avons de plus important à faire . Apprenons à nous comporter avec dignité .
Viens - tu à ma fête ?
Nous savons ce que ceci a pu donner dans d' autres régions du monde .
Ces amendements peuvent dès lors être acceptés en principe après quelques aménagements rédactionnels .
thanks to the treaty of lisbon the european union is an international entity with its own legal personality for the first time
your name stands first in the list
that is inconsistent with what we ourselves proposed two years ago when we had 15 % and so i would focus on an ambitious agreement
this is an excellent report
Nous ne devons pas devenir les ennemis de la société ouverte .
legislation must become simpler and must be written in a clear language
Je voudrais lui parler entre quatre-z-yeux .
that is something we must have no part in on the contrary we have to remain within the boundaries
at least two weeks is required here and this should be negotiated afterwards with the council and the commission
fourthly we should establish a massive long - range project within the framework of the partnership and cooperation agreement to create smaller projects to cover a timeframe of 20 years
it spreads out to be really thin so you have a hard time corralling it
Les astronomes , les cosmologistes et les physiciens pensent qu' il y a quelque chose dans l' univers que l' on appelle la " matière noire " , qui constitue 23 % de cet univers , et quelque chose appelé " énergie noire " qui imprègne la structure de l' espace - temps et compte pour les 73 % restants .
are we superman or are we homer simpson
it is not right to criticize people behind their backs
this is an essential condition for my support for this package
Et ils essayent de faire qu' un autre membre des 99 se joigne à eux .
Vous avez sans doute appris que , dimanche dernier , la Chine a libéré plus tôt que prévu M. Wei Jingsheng , geste que la présidence a d' ailleurs salué .
Maintenant , si vous allez dans la jungle amazonienne et étudiez un arbre , vous obtiendrez un grand nombre d' insectes , mais pour les poissons , il n' y a nulle part dans le monde où vous pouvez trouver sept nouvelles espèces à l' heure .
i think the side to my right wants to cover it with some very beautiful semantics using terms like reproductive health
Ainsi , les dictateurs birmans ne nous laissent aucun autre choix que d’ adopter une résolution plus dure , comme celle que nous avons sous les yeux aujourd’hui .
En effet , la population du Yémen dépasse celle des six membres du CCG confondus ( le Qatar , le Kuweit , les Emirats arabes unis , le Bahrayn , Oman et l’ Arabie saoudite ) .
during 1994 127 210 people sought asylum in germany this represents 41.5 percent of all asylum seekers in the european union
Et bien la découverte suivante est venue de l' étude de centaines de cancers de diables de toute la Tasmanie .
par écrit . - ( EN ) Cet amendement semble limiter l' immunité des agents d' Europol face aux poursuites judiciaires , mais il ne le fait que pour ceux qui opèrent en tant que membres d' une équipe commune d' enquête .
however we voted against amendment 7
ulster unionists have stood against violence for decades and will continue to do so in the future
people in rich countries already can expect to live about 30 years longer than people in the poorest countries
Et si vous êtes dans cette salle aujourd'hui , la plupart d' entre nous avons grandi dans un monde où nous avions les droits civiques fondamentaux .
you had to go places and find the stuff
On m' a toujours dit que la Commission ne voulait rien proposer parce qu' elle estimait ne pas pouvoir atteindre de majorité au sein du Conseil .
Je voudrais dire que la nouvelle version du mémorandum de Paris est entrée en vigueur le 17 septembre 2008 .
i was talking to an eminent israeli scientist who said that there could be global warming or there need not be but can we wait for 20 years to know whether we were right or not
Ce n’ est pas un problème néerlandais , mais un problème européen .
if i scan my retina through the horizontal plane that you see there in the little corner what i get is the following
because the theoretical models that always work out in the answer key in the back of a teacher 's edition that 's great but it 's scary to talk about sources of error when the theoretical does not match up with the practical
the annual report on health requirements shows the wide range of policies which are relevant to health and your report concentrates on the second report - the report covering 1995
i could go on at length quoting and referring to different sources indicating the difficulties for china but i think these examples suffice
Elle constitue en grand partie la frontière entre la Chine et la Russie , là haut , à l' est .
but what 's important is that an individual or a group of tastemakers took a point of view and they shared that with a larger audience accelerating the process
Je défie la Commission de nous dire ce soir si ces poulets sont contrôlés et s' ils répondent aux mêmes normes que les nôtres ?
it is true that the delivery has been painful and that sadly the case of the volkswagen - forest employees about whom i can not help but think this evening has hung in the balance
there are certain principles that even every democratic government also has to maintain
Est -ce que vous voulez cette chemise ?
Il est alors crucial de compenser ce gain de souplesse par les besoins de protection de la tradition , de la qualité et du consommateur .
the continuation of the military offensive is costing too many lives lip service is insufficient in the face of such a severe humanitarian crisis
it is also important to remember however that the fight against poverty can not be compatible with the persecution and harassment of people who for one reason or another disagree with the official line
Je voudrais émettre un commentaire à propos d' une ou deux des questions soulevées , bien que je sois certain que nous aurons d' autres occasions de donner suite à l' intervention de M. Deva à propos de la souveraineté .
Nous devons par conséquent avoir envisagé tous les scénarios possibles afin de disposer des capacités pour le faire et bien le faire .
leyla zana is held prisoner by a country that is applying for membership of the eu
Cet acide métatartrique n' étant pas complètement dégradé , il doit être considéré comme un additif alimentaire .
that is a record to be proud of and a legacy on which your successors should build
Un projet , présenté dans une exposition à Copenhague il y a 10 ans , la modélisation d' un hippocampe -- la région du cerveau qui enregistre la mémoire à court-terme -- et la production de sa documentation , documentation imaginaire en une série de dessins qui essaient d' organiser ce phénomène .
J' applaudis donc au judicieux compromis auquel est arrivé le comité de conciliation à propos du réseau proposé .
on behalf of the ppe - de group - pl mr president i support the overall aim of this programme namely strengthening the common european cultural area and reinforcing the sense of european citizenship
then in many countries there are no welfare support provisions and fishermen would be in danger of becoming reject workers superfluous citizens another implicit risk is the social cultural and economic desertification of many parts of the union
Je suis conscient que notre rôle se limite à la consultation en l' espèce .
freedom
i hope that the house will share our view that it was pragmatically better to proceed on that basis
Votre pancréas fabrique de l' insuline pour le faire baisser , ce qui est une bonne chose .
Pour que ces mesures ad hoc fonctionnent , il est tout d' abord essentiel de veiller à ce que l' UE ne commette pas les mêmes erreurs que le Fonds monétaire international ( FMI ) en ce qui concerne les contreparties .
believe it or not she has three children
but i was looking online at amazon.com for other books like this
Je partage le point de vue du rapporteur selon lequel toutes les substances valablement utilisées dans les États membres conformément à leur législation nationale continuent à l' être jusqu' à ce qu' elles puissent être testées et peut - être jugées insuffisantes .
Je ne défends pas M. Forrest , je ne le connais pas bien , je l’ ai rencontré trois fois dans ma vie pendant quelques secondes .
parliament gave up 16 scrutiny instruments when it created the dci
the issues of double jeopardy and protectionism even in the domain of legal and home affairs will no longer arise when we have harmonized national legislation sufficiently
but people are n't familiar with the eye of a needle apart from putting a thread through it
Je crois que cela a été une bonne décision de le faire , d' attendre en juillet , de ne pas nommer et d' attendre les propositions que nous allons discuter maintenant .
we are therefore confident about our own role and can act as a driving force for equal rights and the demands arising from the karamanou report
the only reference to equality in the european union treaty is article 119 which in fact is specifically confined to questions of pay
mr president ladies and gentlemen i am very glad that this directive is now entering its final stage of adoption
J' étais plus rapide mais tout aussi déprimé .
Malgré leurs revers et leur perte de crédibilité à la suite du saccage du principal quartier d’ affaires de Bangkok , les chemises rouges ont cru en nombre et manifesté chaque mois contre le gouvernement Abhisit .
i 'll be in tokyo on business next week
Et ce que je vais tenter -- j' espère le démontrer .
one of the key issues is the ban on the direct advertising of breast implants to the public
anyway last year i heard about the himalayas and the melting of the -- and the melting of the glaciers because of climate change
may i point out to you that it is up to our constituents to judge us and not the body of members
Les avantages et les inconvénients des affaires internationales doivent faire l' objet d' un débat ouvert devant l' assemblée japonaise .
( DE ) Monsieur le Président , Madame la Commissaire , chers collègues , la stratégie européenne pour l' emploi a été considérée , lors de son vote il y a cinq ans , comme un pas important dans la lutte contre le chômage .
B5 - 0093/2003 , de M. Sterckx , au nom du groupe du parti européen des libéraux démocrates et réformateurs .
( EL ) Monsieur le Président , je voudrais faire un commentaire et poser une question .
the commission will indeed ensure that the outcome of the workshops which were organised in 2007 will be taken into account in the cfr
Et ensuite voici l' image dont je vous ai parlée -- l' arme de protection massive .
Conformément à l' article 95 du règlement , le projet définitif d' ordre du jour établi par la Conférence des Présidents lors de sa réunion du jeudi 11 septembre 1997 a été distribué .
( DE ) Monsieur le Président , Madame Jordan Cizelj , il y a une centrale nucléaire à Krško , dans votre pays , qui fait l' objet de nombreuses critiques , notamment parce qu' elle est située en zone sismique .
Protégeons et encourageons par tous les moyens ceux qui veulent produire des spécialités alimentaires , mais reconnaissons également que l’ agriculture européenne produit des denrées de bases très spécifiques qui ont aussi besoin de notre protection .
i know that this is something that many people were concerned about in some countries including sweden where for a long time we have had a system called fass
in writing - de in nigeria there have been repeated outbreaks of violence between christians and muslims and each of these two groups represent around half of the population
with this question in mind i started researching and i soon found that indoor air pollutants were the culprit
Le PDP et l' ANPP sont en règle générale des partis de centre - droit tandis que le NCP s' affiche comme « le parti des pauvres » et épouse des politiques social-démocrates .
Il y a des gens qui vont au stade de baseball pour voir des matchs ; J' y vais pour voir les relations de design .
. - Monsieur le Président , la question posée par Mme Hedkvist Petersen est primordiale , à savoir celle de notre besoin réel de coopération entre les différents secteurs .
Le premier concerne le modèle chinois de croissance économique qui , jusqu’ à présent , a été obtenue principalement par de rapides accroissements des facteurs de production – travail , capital , et énergies .
Je pense que nous devrions célébrer ce résultat et , profitant de l’ événement créé par cet accord , évoluer rapidement vers une accélération et un achèvement du processus législatif nécessaire pour que tous les programmes puissent démarrer et fonctionner dès l’ année prochaine .
take for example the swedish parliament
subject unanimity in the council on matters relating to alcohol
i hope the by the way the phillips direct life works better -- i hope so
Elle donne le feu vert à l’ Union européenne en matière d’ adhésion à la convention sur la conservation et la gestion des stocks de poissons grands migrateurs dans l’ Océan pacifique occidental et central .
Vive le rapporteur !
Les salles de conférence - en particulier les grandes - sont sous-utilisées .
Alors que les autres questions se règlent relativement facilement , les problèmes liés aux poussières de bois sont très complexes .
compensation for the loss of personal belongings out of edf funds is not justifiable in a situation of force majeure
i would like to warn against a blurring of standards in the assessment of human rights situations in africa where violations are viewed as a necessary evil
today president berlusconi tried to use the same approach with tunisia offering money
and that 's exactly the way the higgs mechanism works
- fr i was one of those who had called for a committee of inquiry
Que s' est - il passé ?
experts claim that the european institutions simply disregard this serious problem
that is explicitly stated in our report
Le groupe Europe des nations demandera l' institution d' une commission d' enquête au sein du Parlement européen , mais notre Parlement doit prendre toutes ses responsabilités ...
Grâce à ce système , le consommateur pourra connaître l' origine de la viande qu' il achète et suivre l' histoire de la bête .
Désolé , je ne peux pas te permettre de rester ici .
Elle remonte et continue de monter .
the little boy accidently broke the glass
La Commission européenne est allée plus loin .
Pourquoi ne m' as - tu pas appelée hier soir ?
Mme Litvinenko veut que le meurtre sur la personne de son mari soit éclairci et que les responsables en répondent devant la justice .
Si c' est ça le droit en Europe , je dis qu' on s' est trompé et c' est pour cela que je vous demande , ici , d' arrêter de nous dire que les problèmes en Afrique du Nord constituent un problème de sécurité .
it is another example of the commitment being shown by the european union and especially by the european parliament towards consumer protection
Le rapport du groupe présidé par Mme Veil défend cette thèse de l' effet direct et réclame que tout citoyen de l' Union européenne peut l' invoquer pour fonder l' application du principe de non-discrimination .
i have to hurry to the station to take the last train
if the commissioner will allow me therefore i would like to correct paragraph 36 on this issue to include regions losing funds for statistical reasons and those that lose them through natural growth
Par exemple , doit - on mettre " produit issu des biotechnologies " ?
we are seeking greater harmonisation
so think about just a point to point movement
Le cerf - volant s' est pris dans l' arbre .
par écrit . - Comme mes collègues , je déplore les récents événements au Sahara occidental et tiens à exprimer ma solidarité avec toutes les familles des victimes .
J' ai perdu ma clé de voiture .
A TED , on baigne dans l' intelligence .
Une faible teneur en soufre en haute mer n' est pas considérée comme un problème environnemental , car l' objectif principal est de réduire la pollution urbaine .
that is not defensible in either legal or political terms
On pourrait invoquer de nombreux arguments à cet égard , mais le modèle de l' OCDE se réfère clairement au cadre plus large des relations internationales où les règles du jeu sont très différentes de celles qui s' appliquent dans l' Union européenne .
Il est tellement grand !
they do not get services as such
and then you can see these miniature kidneys that we 've engineered
Père prit place au bout de la table .
Ils ont dit qu' ils soumettraient de nouvelles idées en vue d' une aide internationale spécifique .
Cet anti-américanisme reste cependant minoritaire .
the aim was simply to offer a better service and also to put the emphasis on the user in liberalising the postal services
this needs to be made quite clear
i spent my vacation in hakone
Nous attachons en outre une grande importance aux PME , ainsi que vous pourrez le constater , et j' escompte une discussion rationnelle avec le Conseil afin d' élucider ses motivations lorsqu' il décide de réductions qui semblent désavouer toutes les politiques de l' Union européenne .
parliament 's report and today 's debate have been a useful contribution to the development of the union 's policy in this field
Ce qu' on fait ici , c' est d' accomplir quelques pas simples vers une économie adaptée à nos buts .
of course there are serious budgetary problems paying bills is difficult not only because israel is slow in transferring customs revenues but also because promised aid from arab countries often never arrives
how is the product used
Ce concept s' avère particulièrement important aujourd'hui car nous menons des débats cruciaux sur Galileo et nous apprêtons à créer l' Institut européen de technologie .
i am thinking here of the solar - hydrogen economy which would be a real challenge for this continent and even for the international community
Mais l’ Occident doit aussi , en poursuivant ces objectifs ardus , être honnête quant à ses ambitions et ses méthodes .
what 's tony doing
Il a continué à chanter .
and the left is still riven by dissent over the role of the state in managing the economy
Il m' a accordé le crédit de choses auxquelles je n' avais jamais pensé .
L’ administration Bush a fait la promotion des débuts de la guerre en Irak – la prétendue non-existence d’ armes de destruction massive par Saddam Hussein – dans un style classique familier de campagne publicitaire , coloré , enlevé et graphiquement puissant .
Il se trouvait en dehors de la route , en observant le déploiement d' une de ces campagnes anti-polio , et quelques mois plus tard , il a écrit : « C' est l' aide étrangère dans son caractère le plus héroïque . »
the rest of the eu has followed suit on sanctions against top officials but could do more to liberalize travel for citizens
( SK ) La question des droits procéduraux fondamentaux dans les procès pénaux est l' un des sujets clés qui devrait émerger dans le domaine de la justice et des relations intérieures .
it 's a large one
of course i can also tell you that the black sea and the baltic sea are part of the same framework although they are in the north
Tout d' abord une augmentation du budget .
Il lave la bicyclette chaque semaine .
so for the past few years the coastal areas they found themselves in a shortage of labor
china is n’t the only success story
Te souviens - tu du jour où nous nous sommes rencontrés pour la première fois ?
my group is therefore four - square behind the proposal in order for example to be able to coordinate rural development much better together under the umbrella of cohesion policy than in the past
unless you 're stuck in a laboratory cage -- and you know if you spend your entire life in a little box you 're not going to be as picky about who you have sex with -- but i 've looked in a hundred species and everywhere in the wild animals have favorites
On calcule ensuite les gradients des surfaces , et on emmène le robot à un mur où il y a de grandes probabilités de vies .
Cela signifie que le sauvetage budgétaire sera extrêmement délicat si et quand les soucis commenceront – et souligne l’ impérative nécessité d’ une réelle gouvernance politique dès aujourd’hui .
the problem however lies in the fact that three distinguished european statesmen each with a long life 's work behind them have now been appointed to lead the convention
those so - called non - tariff barriers include hard - won democratically agreed national laws that protect the environment social standards and health and they must not be regarded simply as barriers to trade
Dans certains pays , la France et l' Irlande par exemple , la population va croître , mais dans d' autres , elle va s' effondrer .
Le fait qu’ il ne se soit pas présenté est lié à ceux qui lui ont demandé de le faire et n’ a rien à voir avec lui : nous le remercions donc de faire son devoir et d’ être présent aujourd’hui .
what would the world be without women
do you eat three square meals a day
it is displaying hypocritical concern about the infringement of human rights on european soil and trying to save the lost honour of the εu
and more controversially recently apple censored a palestinian protest app after the israeli government voiced concerns that it might be used to organize violent attacks
Le rapporteur a fait des efforts méritoires , mais sur ce point nous ne pouvons être d' accord avec elle .
J' ai honte d' avoir été grossier envers elle .
i see that the matter has already been the subject of debate and even argument so i will leave it there
L' Europe veut - elle rester debout ou être mangée par les deux bouts ? !
previously the enthusiasm of so many european politicians for european integration has been fuelled by anti - americanism
mr president i commend the rapporteur and welcome this excellent initiative
De même , certains autres aspects économiques de l' acquis communautaire sont vécus comme des contraintes beaucoup trop lourdes par les populations .
C' est un cri pour appeler à l' aide , c' est sensé attirer l' attention .
Milieux ruraux ou milieux urbains , populations pauvres ou favorisées , tous doivent avoir un accès égal et de qualité à la radiodiffusion des services publics .
Le débat sciences et société est vital en ce début de troisième millénaire .
the birth of a baby in the stables
the vote will take place on thursday at 11 a.m.
Je veux aller pêcher la perche mais je ne sais qu' employer comme appât .
L' eau est pompée dans le lac et filtrée , puis finement vaporisée à l' aide d' un réseau de gicleurs à haute-pression , 35000 exactement . Il y a une station météo sur la structure .
De même , nous pensons que les propositions concernant les garanties en matière de procédures , aussi généreuses soient - elles , ne doivent pas faire l' objet de cette directive .
the end result itself is i believe a balanced one
i think such projects ought to be eligible for funding because at the end of the day that restoration may well prove to be a first - rate development policy
Il y a de grandes différences en Afrique . Et le Ghana est là , au milieu .
yet taken together the eu countries possess a considerable array of assets including the military capability needed to conduct decisive operations
Monsieur le Président , comme on peut le constater , les thèmes de discussion et les avis exprimés au Parlement européen sont très variés et différents .
thank you commissioner
Mon oncle m' amena en balade à la campagne .
Je pense que la répétition générale effectuée l' année passée pour instaurer cette nouvelle discipline a produit de bons résultats .
Primo , assumer la responsabilité historique partagée sur ce problème de la part de l' Europe .
C' est une matière première difficile et chère , jusqu' à aujourd'hui .
C' est la raison pour laquelle nous avons proposé d' organiser une réunion .
M' as - tu comprise ?
La première à Vilnius en mars , suivie de celle de Kiev en juillet et de la dernière à Bruxelles il y a une semaine .
i believe that a new institution separate from the commission requires a treaty amendment the procedures for which are set out in the treaties themselves
larger markets increase the incentive to produce all kinds of ideas
mr president mr schulz called me a racist
Lors du vote , je ferai particulièrement attention aux amendements insistant sur les aptitudes des gens de mer , l' accès à la formation , le rapport d' évaluation et la lutte contre les pratiques frauduleuses .
discussions in the council working groups on development and human rights are taking place in parallel or at joint meetings
Une première étape positive serait de publier les procès-verbaux des réunions du Conseil de la BCE .
we all tend to think of suburbia as this very family - focused place but that 's really not the case anymore
it is not simply a time when there is as a fellow member quite rightly said a north - south crisis in the european union
he swore off creating contemporary drama shows set in the present day because he saw that when people fill their mind with four hours a day of for example two and a half men no disrespect it shapes the neural pathways he said in such a way that they expect simple problems
Allez - vous commencer à faire des discours expliquant l’ Union européenne dans le pays que vous et moi connaissons le mieux ?
J' appartiens à l' équipe de baseball .
as you know not all member states are currently enthusiastic supporters of the common consolidated corporate tax base
if half or one - third of what he wrote is true then sinn féin / ira has a serious problem about controlling what is happening in the communities it says it represents
this is not to say therefore that it is perfect we need to keep working
Le 25 novembre 2003 , nous aurions dû nous libérer du pacte de stabilité .
Nous serons tous gagnants lorsque ces listes seront disponibles .
Il y a eu de vastes campagnes de relations publiques qui avaient pour objectif de donner l’ impression de changements effectifs , mais ne nous laissons pas abuser par ces campagnes .
La France n' a pas humilié les Africains .
this is necessary as a result of the values we share – democracy respect for human rights and individual freedom and the promotion of peace and collective security
the baltic sea belongs to all of us and i do not think that this is a matter for just two countries
the commission does support however all amendments aimed at ensuring that parliament be kept properly and continuously informed about the sesar programme
yet there is also the question of the abolition of export subsidies
this issue was raised in 2000 when we had consultation with the social partners
because i think it is very important
Le présent texte en interdisant l' utilisation à partir de 2005 , nous serons confrontés longtemps encore à un héritage négatif .
Nous lui souhaitons la bienvenue dans cette enceinte .
Bien entendu , comme je l' ai toujours dit et je le répète aujourd'hui , l' harmonisation doit être utilisée avec discernement et seulement là où elle s' impose .
the problem is that the commission nowhere mentions the scientific results and experience in the light of which the directive is said to require amendment
yet they do
they 're smiling at each other
En vertu de l' article 90 du règlement de notre institution , la Commission est tenue de nous consulter sur les accords internationaux .
kt look at the road -- still got that goddamn blindfold on
globalisation has given rise to an unprecedented movement of people in turn giving rise to unparalleled challenges
La première , c' est qu' il a mobilisé beaucoup plus de chefs d' État et de gouvernement que celui de Kyoto .
Quelle est la raison de cette position ?
La température a été augmentée à 43 ° C temporairement .
on the contrary it is open to labour from around the eu coming in
Notre climat se modifie rapidement , trop rapidement .
Monsieur le Commissaire , il est très important , au plan social , au plan fiscal , de prendre maintenant les initiatives européennes indispensables .
i believe we would find that there has been a cheapening of democracy
Il est également essentiel que les services postaux continuent de remplir la fonction sociale irremplaçable qui a été la leur jusqu' à présent , en étant compétitifs et en fournissant des services toujours plus actuels .
a new constitution and elections invariably ensued
Les déclarations que nous avons reçues des États - Unis jusqu’ à présent sont insatisfaisantes .
Et le Parlement européen , bien qu' élu au suffrage universel , ne dispose jamais que de compétences déléguées par les nations et leurs parlements .
Cette coopération n' a pas encore réussi à répondre aux attentes qui lui ont été fixées comme activité soutenant le processus de paix , mais je suis convaincu qu' elle a toutes les chances de réussir .
Il reste en outre énormément à faire pour assurer la viabilité à long terme de notre modèle européen de santé publique , fondé sur la solidarité .
A ce sujet , entre autres , nous présenterons quelques propositions d' amendement .
L' Europe et le monde observent également la gestion chinoise des problèmes nationaux en matière de droits de l' homme .
finally the final result is i believe better than either the joint position of the council or the final text of parliament
a perception by citizens that democracy is not efficient enough in fighting terrorism and organised crime is one possible source of disaffection
La proposition de la Commission remplacera une aide à l' exploitation , qui a été jusqu' à présent relativement transparente par des formes d' aide moins transparentes , qui favoriseront certains chantiers navals par rapport à d' autres .
such an assembly would in fact risk giving greater legitimacy to the disregard of the opinions of national democracies and the putting in place thereby of regulations the effect of which would be to confine them even more
Nous avons reçu M. Poutine ; la prochaine fois , ce sera le président Bush et tous les autres sujets se trouvent par conséquent relégués à l' arrière - plan .
in the middle of the year payments were reduced by eur 5 billion but all the same the statements still show a figure of eur 3.1 billion for under - utilisation
cooperation was one - sided in the form of development cooperation
it is our duty to protect the 500 million citizens who live in europe and who do not know if the medicines they are using are real or falsified
el the behaviour of the markets and of the banks is like a pack of wolves as the swedish finance minister called them a pack of wolves ready to tear the economically weak countries apart
you should n't eat raw snails
it would be much more viable if there were navigable rivers across the whole of the european union
a final advantage of this solution is that it would be temporary
Je rejoins le rapporteur , dont je veux saluer , ici , l' excellent travail et insister pour que le Parlement soit le plus possible associé et informé sur l' évolution des relations transatlantiques .
that is the path we must follow - and quickly
even daring to refer to the defence of a european social model is a shamefaced lie because the more the eu combats the united states the more it becomes its clone
you are right ms oddy
it is therefore important for this reason as well to adopt the resolution now
as such plant protection products are needed but we need to use them properly
Il est également important de développer un véritable statut de la femme rentrante qui , après une interruption de carrière , souhaite retrouver un travail .
Elle sévissait déjà en Corée du Nord avant que ces désastres naturels ne surviennent .
romania should devote attention more decisively to protecting the roma and the hungarian communities
at the same time it was rightly pointed out that europe must evaluate its role as a joint partner with developing countries and strengthen its activities designed for fighting poverty
Et invariablement , on voit une larme , car ça a fait tilt !
C' est pourquoi nous nous sommes abstenus de voter sur ce rapport .
i think that the european union 's concern about the situation in burma - myanmar has been made sufficiently clear and i believe that it matches the concerns that have been expressed by parliament
Il est intenable de conserver le régime des visas pour l' entrée au Canada de certains d' entre nous parce qu' il crée deux classes de citoyens européens .
he was in critical condition
En entamant les négociations d' adhésion , la Turquie a convenu avec l' Union européenne de respecter les critères de Copenhague .
Il s' agit des actes terroristes les plus violents et condamnables dont on se souvienne .
you know what we should be ashamed
Telles sont les véritables variables qui importent et peu de preuves viennent étayer l' hypothèse que les banques centrales indépendantes qui se concentrent exclusivement sur la stabilité des prix sont plus efficaces dans ces domaines cruciaux .
we were all led to believe according to the voting list drawn up by your services with ours that there would be a vote on the principle of the transitional regime
we trust that peace and stability will reign in our atlantic area and we have a good opportunity to use the fisheries agreement or other european instruments for transnational cooperation to achieve this
we should not underestimate the importance of it
some member states outside the euro area are also involved in balance of payment support programmes through the commission and the imf
Je pense qu' elles vont créer davantage d' opportunités d' emploi et d' intégration dans le marché .
but we also know where we are through movement
de madam president i believe it is important that we do not use the national tax systems to work against the internal market
Je parle en chinois presque chaque jour .
En novembre , ont eu lieu pour la première fois des exercices maritimes conjoints des marines chinoise et indienne au large des cotes chinoises .
De plus en plus , l' exil est un emblème de notre temps .
Il fait passer la libre prestation de services avant la protection des travailleurs .
unfortunately these models tend to be difficult to manipulate estimate or interpret
La Commission partage cet objectif et , le 26 novembre , elle a présenté des propositions en vue d' accélérer la mise en œuvre et la simplification de la gestion des Fonds structurels .
L' exemple de cet étudiant est parlant : quiconque est en possession d' un visa de long séjour devrait avoir le droit de circuler en toute liberté .
could the commissioner tell us which four member states are not in that situation
we 're choosing among those ideas
En outre , ils sont susceptibles d’ être kidnappés par des gangs de criminels , formés au vol à l’ étalage et à l’ art des pickpockets ou , pire encore , ils peuvent tomber aux mains de terroristes qui les utilisent pour lancer des attaques .
Tout le reste n' est que " mauvais prétexte " .
En politique étrangère , le principe de continuité est fondamental , et nous , citoyens - je fais ici référence aux Polonais - avons besoin des droits garantis par la Charte .
Cinq cent mille femmes sont aujourd'hui victimes de la forme moderne du commerce des esclaves appelée « traite des blanches » .
i voted in favour for the same reasons that european regulations on company law and corporate governance need to be modernised
during that time the night time temperature increased about 0.8 ° c over a hundred - year period that would translate to a whopping 7 ° c increase
six years after its incorporation into the maastricht treaty citizenship is still far too theoretical for our fellow citizens
the problem which arises concerns the changeover to the euro
Dans l' amendement à l' article 1 , nous proposons que la Commission consulte le Conseil après avis de la commission .
Ces règles sont une condition préalable pour nous permettre d’ isoler la source et les bénéficiaires des transferts , qui ne doivent pas pouvoir se cacher derrière des sociétés écrans .
C' est pourquoi beaucoup voient les économistes comme des idiots .
( Curieusement , compte tenu du sujet du livre , il n’ est pas en vente sous forme numérique ) .
we will always be ready to be friends with malaysia to try to achieve these worthy ambitions and aims
the soldiers in the outposts are continually on the look - out ready to push back enemy attacks
Pourtant , les états de l’ OTAN n’ ont pas de réponse à la question qui découle logiquement de cela : qu’ impliquerait une solution politique ?
so what will it be
Ce choix est opportun , au vu de la plate - forme d' action de Pékin +5 qui se réunira à New York cette année , à l' Assemblée générale des Nations unies .
En réponse , Tariq Alhomayed , un Saoudien rédacteur en chef du journal Al - Sharq al - Awsat , qualifie le Hamas de marionnette de l' Iran et déclare que ce pays est la véritable menace contre la sécurité du monde arabe " .
Je trouve justifiée la demande d' impliquer le Parlement également dans le cadre de la stratégie d' initiation et des partenariats d' adhésion .
your party fiatal demokraták szövetsége fidesz is based on an idea on an ideal on a value that of liberty and democracy
we agree with many of the rapporteur 's remarks but do not at all share his optimism about the commission 's and the council 's intentions and plans concerning social protection
therefore we must ask ourselves now in this house whether europe did everything possible
La politique budgétaire de ces pays est stable . Ils accroîtront donc la crédibilité de l’ euro .
Le système d’ alimentation auxiliaire , essentiel pour maintenir les fonctions vitales de sécurité tel que le refroidissement des réacteurs et des barres de combustible usées , était insuffisamment protégé sur le site de Fukushima .
par écrit . - J' ai voté en faveur du renvoi du rapport Aubert relatif à la production biologique et à l' étiquetage des produits biologiques en commission de l' agriculture .
i will end there mr president
Il est donc urgent de disposer du plan d’ action proposé aujourd’hui .
for our part we are prepared to study any proposals made in this area
that 's been a strong interest of mine and a theme that i 've developed for some 30 years
it is always more difficult to identify the father and a question mark remains in this case too but i would say that the role belongs equally to parliament and the council
Le temps nous dira si la révolution est la même ou si une poignée de responsables a mis en branle un processus différent .
in view of the agreements made in kyoto concerning co2 reduction it is important that we use our gas as efficiently as possible
having such a strong strategic partnership would and does definitely permit us to tackle all issues including the most sensitive ones
it 's important because if you solve these problems you can solve the problems of poverty in the world it 's important because you need it to solve the world 's environment problems
i feel sure it is important for this to be done as soon as possible for the sake of good relations between parliament and the commission
that agreement clearly marks the start of a new era
let me start by pointing out that there is an enormous paradox between the restrictions imposed by the establishment of a european common fisheries policy and the precautionary principle the european union advocates
she is being blackmailed by him
aside from the negative financial consequences the system would infringe individual privacy as many colleagues have agreed
it is an animal which has been on the earth for just about 100 million years
La Commission ne veut pas de cet élargissement et le Conseil encore moins .
all of the political forces in albania in the majority and in the opposition including the committees of the south are asking the united nations to follow up the international mission that italy will be coordinating
one area in grave need of reform is the labor market
- Monsieur le Président , je voudrais exprimer mon inquiétude par rapport aux conditions de détention des prisonniers par les autorités russes .
by denying that we do the people of iraq a double disservice and the deaths go on
the king turned out to be naked
everything about flying in those years which was -- you have to stop and think for a moment -- was probably the most advanced technological thing going on at the time
it is not our intention to introduce amendments tonight which prevent this directive coming into force or in any sense allow for the postponement of serious discussion until the next millennium
Il est vrai que les opiacés sont nécessaires au traitement de diverses maladies , au soulagement de la douleur postopératoire et , et ce n' est pas le moins important , au traitement des personnes souffrant de maladies graves .
in late spring the amsterdam meeting and the national governments then followed by examining the employment problems affecting the european union
Mais les objectifs affichés passent outre la réalité et les dangers actuels .
J' ai grandi au milieu de nulle part sur une route de terre dans l' Arkansas , à une heure du cinéma le plus proche .
Le Parlement avait déjà adopté auparavant un certain nombre de résolutions à ce sujet , et il a également soutenu cette proposition de directive .
the use of the general basic principles of integrated plant protection will become mandatory for the entire european union from 2014
that 's the night i learned the rules about what it means to be female in this world
Madame le Président , je voudrais tout d' abord dire que , pour nous , les principes de subsidiarité façonnent et caractérisent le processus de décision normative des institutions de la Communauté .
Ce n' est pas la première fois que l' on pose ces questions .
Ce dont j' étais conscient , c' est qu' il y avait un besoin urgent d' agir .
mr president following on from my colleagues i would like to speak about the fight against discrimination
Nous ne voulons pas transférer les mauvaises pratiques de l' ESB au secteur de la pêche en procédant à une totale déréglementation , et en nous persuadant que la solution est là .
or in zimbabwe where i remember innocent after coming out of a prison where everybody stood up and said i 've been here for one year eight years 12 years without a lawyer he came and we had a training together and he said i have heard it said -- because he had heard people mumbling and grumbling -- i have heard it said that we can not help to create justice because we do not have the resources
Cependant , ce secteur a jusqu' ici atteint une invraisemblable complexité en matière de critères et de procédures .
D’ autres , qui disent pourtant n’ avoir cure de la religion , admettent que le Pakistan signifie finalement si peu à leurs yeux , que leur loyauté envers la religion passe avant leur loyauté envers le pays .
Cette association des peuples ne sera possible que dans la mesure où un bon climat général existera dans l’ opinion à l’ égard du travail de l’ Union et de ses institutions .
Un individu qui ne ferait pas la différence entre son propre enfant et un enfant inconnu vivant dans un lointain pays– qui ressentirait le même amour et les mêmes obligations vis-à-vis des deux – ne serait plus vraiment humain .
Lorsque nous élargirons l' Union européenne , ou même sans cet élargissement , certaines dispositions de la politique actuelle disparaîtront .
the treaty of amsterdam also calls for provisions to be drafted among the member states of the community on the subject of repatriation
Il est donc surprenant que de nouvelles tentatives soient faites , sous la forme d' un changement d' orientation de la séance , d' intégrer le vin dans ce système d' étiquetage , en prévoyant l' indication des valeurs énergétiques et de la teneur en sucre .
Je me contenterai d' exposer brièvement les actions qui sont prévues pour les mois à venir .
i should like to thank the high representative the council and the commission for their participation in this debate as well as our colleagues who have contributed to it
my father disapproved of my going to the concert
Je pense qu' il est important que les conditions établies dans la proposition concernant la communication des investissements n' imposent pas une charge administrative excessive aux autorités des États membres .
Nous ne pouvons , en effet , pas demander pour tout le monde , partout , qu' il y ait un droit au travail à temps partiel .
C' est pourquoi nous retirons maintenant notre résolution . mais nous disons clairement , Monsieur le Président , que si tout cela est bien humain , cela manque d' allure !
the project i 'm going to tell you about is called the world peace game and essentially it is also an empty space
Il ne faut pas s' enfoncer dans l' erreur en proposant des transferts supplémentaires de pouvoirs à Bruxelles , couverts par une démocratie artificielle , qui serait bientôt génératrice de nouvelles désillusions .
in writing sv i would like to take this opportunity to reiterate the position put forward by the june list on 27 september of this year
Je crois cependant qu' elle pourrait tout aussi bien s' appliquer à la politique d' asile : oui , l' UE doit pouvoir démontrer qu' elle a également un cœur !
Bien évidemment , il est impossible aujourd’hui de déterminer les causes de cet accident , d’ en définir les responsabilités .
ninety six per cent of the modest increase for 2011 is concentrated in the area conducive to growth and jobs
such concern is altogether commendable
Dans d' autres pays , des citoyens défilent dans les rues pour revendiquer cette influence et nous devons les soutenir par tous les moyens à notre disposition .
for this reason i welcome the support the eu has pledged in order to help build this new state
Si vous devez avoir peur , ayez peur de ce qui n' a pas encore explosé
article 31 draws attention to the fact that universal principles concerning fundamental rights should not be sacrificed on the altar of the economic strategic or political interests of the union or any of its member states
andalusia is a comparatively disadvantaged region which is faced on a daily basis with disturbances arising from extremely high levels of illegal immigration while it lacks the proper means to tackle alleviate or resolve these problems
JH : Y a -t -il un soulagement à jouer avec ces forces ?
La conciliation de la politique familiale , de la vie professionnelle et de la vie de famille et la préservation de la qualité des conditions de travail sont également cruciales pour le bien-être des enfants et des familles .
and you know my studio -- we 've done it all the time
this is how to achieve development this is how to strengthen democracy in india and perhaps also closer to home
a huge resource of finance - over ecu 200 billion per year - is spent on the social security systems
may i use this word processor
punish the wicked and save the weak
but i 'm sorry the problems of today are not the problems of the industrial revolution
au nom du groupe PPE - DE . - ( HU ) Merci beaucoup , Monsieur le Président .
emission allowance trading is also a way to increase the profits of the electricity companies rather than reduce emissions
Ensuite , la proposition insiste sur un autre facteur très important , à savoir la nature spécifique des économies nationales .
Ensuite , nous allons présenter une proposition .
i shall present the others later it does not bother me
Près de 200 millions de citoyens européens abandonnent chaque année leur résidence pour faire du tourisme .
Israël ne peut gagner la paix en continuant à écraser le peuple palestinien , en faveur duquel la solidarité arabe finira par jouer à nouveau .
amongst migrant populations female migrants are victims of a double discrimination on grounds of both gender and ethnic origin
Voilà ce que je souhaitais indiquer , Monsieur le Président , à votre Assemblée .
Sais - tu danser ?
i should like to start by discussing the commission proposal once more
Le rapport de Mme Keyser aborde certains des différends politiques .
thank you mr vidal - quadras
do n't miss this amazing opportunity
by 2008 we 're going to kick the butt of the music industry
C' est un pas en avant important , mais nous devons en franchir un autre et réellement nous réunir en public .
Mesdames et Messieurs , une procédure budgétaire nous attend , qui comportera vraiment de nombreuses innovations .
Je débattais l' autre jour sur un plateau télé , et l' autre personne me provoquait , il disait , " Qu' est -ce que fait un pasteur à protéger l' environnement ? "
Nous sommes à un moment politique très important pour l' Europe , peut - être même à un tournant .
Lorsqu' elle a été prononcée , après tous ces mystères , elle n' a même pas pu mentionner la Constitution et s' est limitée , au lieu de cela , à colporter les fadaises habituelles sur le moteur de la paix de l' Europe qu' est l' Union .
he gets hives when he eats eggs
are wages viewed solely as costs
so i 'm plugging along here -- and i 'm just going to have to blow up the staircase
should the state confine itself to creating an economic environment favorable to private enterprise
it is necessary to modernise the european market and open it to public procurement in order to increase european competitiveness
Le Japon connaît mieux que toute autre nation au monde les désastres que peut causer une catastrophe nucléaire .
instead these information - sharing tools and channels promote more subtle social progress
PH : La société qui a créé ça , Aniboom , est un exemple intéressant de où cela nous mène . Les dessins animé télé traditionnels coûtent , disons , entre 80,000 et 10,000 dollars la minute .
TOKYO – Le tsunami a traversé la ville à la vitesse de 8 mètres par seconde , la vitesse d’ un sprinter olympique .
Monsieur le Président , j' espère que nous n' avons pas à venir ici pour évoquer une fois de plus nos conditions de travail .
Le rapport de M. Secchi réitère cette exigence ce soir et le rapport de Mme Radzio - Plath , auquel le commissaire a fait référence précédemment , la reprenait aussi .
i have a few areas that i believe are especially important that we address
Cependant , je le répète , la majorité de notre groupe est favorable à l' inclusion des conducteurs indépendants .
Mais si nous disons simplement " OK , la Chine , cela te tracasse , vas - y .
at the same time however this must be supplemented by regular external evaluation and appropriate regulatory supervision
- fr we agree that poland and all the other candidate countries should be entitled to join the european union
however despite the fact that we are in the middle of the process of creating a constitution opinion polls are still indicating a certain lack of interest in european construction
Combien avez - vous d' enfants ?
Je suis certain que l' on trouvera des oreilles plus sensibles au sein de l' administration américaine ainsi qu' au sein du parlement américain .
i hope it stops raining
Le gouvernement grec a estimé les dommages à environs 4 milliards d' euros , soit approximativement 2 % du produit intérieur brut de la Grèce .
C' est un sérieux avertissement à la Commission , mais aussi aux gouvernements des États membres , et ils ne sauraient s' y soustraire .
wow it 's been a long time
of course in the light of the technical possibilities the economic effects and the financial changes there are arguments in favour of higher targets
you see in the upper left corner you see a single predatory mite
the commission can not consent to amendment 34 either
J' éprouve des difficultés rien qu' à lire le texte !
Ce document ne regarde pas les choses en face et je pense que le Parlement ne le fait pas non plus .
Et une indication de la manière dont le gouvernement turc considère les droits de l’ homme aujourd’hui .
C' est pourquoi je voudrais demander que ce vote soit annulé .
what is more experience has shown us that in industry for example excessive belt - tightening can be counterproductive in that it destroys the social cohesion which everyone agrees is a vital element in being competitive
Ensuite , ces soulèvements risquent de contribuer à isoler davantage encore Israël .
we heard complaints from publishers of newspapers that the price of newsprint was going up very rapidly and they suspected some kind of cartel
Elle implique de mener des politiques publiques qui visent à rendre moins inégales les conditions concrètes de l' existence de tous les citoyens - ce qu' on fait des générations de socialistes .
yokohama is the second largest city in japan
Madame la Présidente , Mesdames et Messieurs les députés , le débat fut limpide , clair , satisfaisant et responsable .
Quatrièmement , nous avons réussi à instaurer une plus grande flexibilité pour les groupes de visiteurs .
Parallèlement , je pense que la Présidence espagnole doit consacrer une attention particulière aux pays du partenariat oriental .
Comme cette fleur est jolie !
À vrai dire , j' ai été surpris de le découvrir . Le fait est que les ingrédients actifs , les composants les plus importants des médicaments , proviennent très souvent , et à vrai dire en règle générale , de pays non européens .
Par ailleurs , nous accueillons favorablement la proposition française d' inscrire la question des matières premières à l' ordre du jour du prochain G8 .
Le débat de cet après-midi est constructif et les interventions qui ont précédé la mienne montrent que cette Assemblée est décidée à saisir le problème du racisme à bras-le-corps .
Il faut bien entendu garder à l' esprit que les actions et politiques spécifiques pour combattre ce phénomène sont du ressort des États membres .
what measures does it plan to adopt in order to ban this practice at least for high - quality wines
Ils savent aussi que l' approche symbolique n' est suivie qu' une seule fois et dans des circonstances très particulières .
Les Irakiens devront réapprendre certains concepts , comme le nationalisme , la souveraineté et la communauté islamique , qui n' ont jamais été examiné de manière critique .
Il est nécessaire que nos étudiants et nos chercheurs puissent travailler sur des échantillons réels plutôt que sur des photos ou autres matériels dits « pédagogiques » .
Dans le cadre de son pouvoir budgétaire , le Parlement européen a également le devoir d’ utiliser le soutien communautaire qu’ il octroie à la Serbie-et-Monténégro comme un instrument pour protéger cette minorité .
we have very clearly heard what not only people in the religious world but also the business world the newspapers and journalists in hong kong have told us and we need to take those fears very seriously
i am unhappy with one aspect of the report in that it proposes an extension of the limits set by the commission for fishery withdrawals
J' espérais que nous pourrions traiter ces questions dans le cadre des nouvelles procédures de codécision de Lisbonne .
Pourquoi le consentement éclairé des « sujets » des recherches n’ était - il pas considéré comme nécessaire ?
nevertheless this responsibility is increasingly being exercised in an overall context that affects various community policies
Mme Lucas a présente un certain nombre de mesures modestes qui vont dans cette direction et qui correspondent bien à celles que défend mon parti , le parti socialiste aux Pays - Bas .
Quel est le ratio de conversion alimentaire ?
and when you 're out of the hotspot you 're on the regular cellular network
the dollar depreciation engineered by the us federal reserve seems an appealing proposition from the american standpoint but the economies of latin america can not and should not bear the burden of dollar realignment
Et , même en présence de conditions favorables sur les marchés mondiaux , nous ne sommes pas parvenus à solutionner le problème de la pauvreté , qui concerne encore des millions de russes .
and air quality and air pollutants have a huge impact on the lung health of asthmatic patients anyone with a respiratory disorder and really all of us in general
to say these airplanes were trespassing
it means extending working life in other words pension cuts
Vous aurez beau vivre dans une communauté civilisée ou densément peuplée , vous devrez tout de même comprendre votre propre nature et celle des autres .
the problem is how to get back to those times
Je ne crois pas que cet enfant est venu seul à Tokyo .
just to illustrate what to do about the nub of the problem namely light vehicles here are four ultra - light carbon - composite concept cars with low drag and all but the one at the upper left have hybrid drive
secondly the regional dimension of the crisis in somalia is crucial
in future the budget for the 25-member european union will no longer make any distinction between new and old member states
without the specific involvement of all the players mentioned the implementation of such a complex and comprehensive structure as the danube strategy will remain nothing more than just an aspiration
Ceci exige de poursuivre les efforts déjà entrepris et de soutenir le rapport remarquable de notre collègue Soulier .
Vous pouvez vous demander ce qui en est la cause biochimique ; la neuroscience , la sérotonine , tout ça .
Continuez à cligner . Chaque fois que vous clignez , il va changer . D' accord ?
it would be wrong nonetheless for the european union to deny itself these resources
with the launch of the eastern partnership the eu has strengthened relations with georgia as well as with other countries
in my view the solution proposed at first reading really was the best attempt at a compromise reconciling the interests of injured parties and publishers
that is what we must do with the nuclear industry
he would also revoke contracts of electricity communications and transportation providers
we have heard nothing at all about other subjects particularly in women 's policy equality policy and development policy there has been a real lack of initiatives
so i think that this can be of help both to the candidates and other stakeholders
Rétrospectivement , l' adhésion de la Russie devrait probablement être considérée comme une erreur .
this one does n't have the video in it but you get a little feel from what it can do
madam president we can not allow my report to be referred back to committee because a decision must be taken by 31 december
L’ opinion publique a perdu confiance dans les actions militaires à la suite des récentes interventions à grande échelle en Irak et en Afghanistan , dénuées de caractère humanitaire .
Dans ce sens , je partage le souci de transparence de la Commission visà - vis du choix laissé à l' usager en toute connaissance de cause .
i wish to add that the changes which the recession has actually brought to the situation mean that -20 % is in reality not a lot different from the business as usual scenario
i agree that we need a properly functioning carbon credit market
Je voudrais donc apporter encore une précision à l' amendement dont la teneur est en Anglais :
positive signals have already been sent including commission aid of eur 200 million which we believe should be supplemented as stated in the motion for a joint resolution
you can also toggle between altitude for model and manufacturer
La gamme de produits qui sont aujourd'hui fabriqués par les chaînes de grande surface dépassent l' imagination , et ce fait important doit être pris en considération .
the civilian population are suffering yet again as a result of the destruction caused by this war
L' autre préoccupation concerne les prix de cession interne .
Et nous pouvons utiliser les comportements de groupe que nous voyons évoluer quand les gens jouent ensemble , ce sont des mécanismes coopératifs plus complexes Quant au gouvernement , une chose qui vient à l' esprit c' est que le gouvernement des États - Unis , entre autres , commence littéralement à payer les gens pour qu' ils perdent du poids .
he took an interest in any report of possible misuse
that is the image that most people have of the committee on budgets
in any case the commission does not have a mandate to carry out inspections itself for and on behalf of the member state concerned subsidiarity applies here i believe
madam president - in - office of the council i believe that you will leave this meeting happy because we are telling you that you are entering the final exam at gothenburg well prepared
the balance the just and fair balance between large medium - sized and small countries is lost here
Est -ce que tout est prêt ?
Sans cette flexibilité , les niveaux actuels de la protection sociale ne pourraient être maintenus , affirme - t - on .
Il est également juste , Mesdames et Messieurs , que nous soulignions la contribution plus importante encore que nous ont apportée les citoyens européens et les organisations non gouvernementales .
. - Je me félicite de ce rapport sur la protection des travailleurs contre les risques résultant des sources optiques et artificielles de rayonnement .
Il n’ existe pas un seul centre de réhabilitation pour les enfants autistes de plus de quatorze ans , alors que très peu d’ enfants souffrant d’ une déficience mentale fréquentent une quelconque école .
Les acteurs de la société civile ainsi que les Roms eux - mêmes ont également un rôle capital à jouer .
Aujourd’hui , la Géorgie et l’ Ukraine aimeraient pouvoir attendre des Européens et des Américains qu’ ils versent le sang pour les défendre contre la Russie .
Vous êtes au bureau , vous buvez de l' eau en bouteille , ou quoi que ce soit d' autre , et vous vous dites : " Je vais jeter cette bouteille .
Nous devons nous - mêmes renforcer nos propres structures .
if you need it you can speak for a minute and a half instead of a minute but please do not each of you ask for the floor three times with the subsequent replies
that is the message i would like to give you today on behalf of my colleagues here
the adoption of these measures must not therefore be seen as an attempt to reopen the door to unwanted protectionism but rather as a vital instrument for ensuring that international trade is fairly regulated
alisa was very generously in the process of giving birth to our first child -- -- and i was there with a catcher 's mitt
the commission takes the view that a revision of the working - time directive could encourage the member states to further improve reconciliation of working and family life
it is stated that this approach would require continuous monitoring of developments by the commission
Qu' est -ce que les enfants apprennent ? Où est le temps en famille ?
par écrit . - ( NL ) Il est toujours aussi remarquable que dans cette institution , nous nous raccrochions à l' illusion de Lisbonne coûte que coûte .
three years after the outbreak of the latin american crisis united states treasury secretary james baker announced a systematization of the initial response
Partageons l' argent !
we have just discussed this and this initiative too is in keeping with the european union 's commitment to launching the round of multilateral talks a matter on which parliament is to deliver its opinion tomorrow
mr president i submit to you the newspaper so that you can read about this yourself
Si vous allez dans les bars en Sardaigne , vous ne verrez pas de calendriers avec des maillots de bain , mais le calendrier du centenaire du mois .
access to information is an essential guarantee of consumer protection
in this matter the eu must play its role including by providing funding
have we gone far enough
Cet accord établit ainsi un nouvel équilibre pour un espace européen plus démocratique et il est bien que tout ceci soit établi dans un accord officiel .
Sois poli avec tout le monde !
Le Parlement recevra - t - il des informations à ce sujet ?
Le Pakistan est désormais le malade du sud asiatique , avec trois années consécutives de croissance en dessous de 3 % qui ont entrainé une augmentation de 10 millions du nombre de personnes vivant dans l’ absolue pauvreté .
La Commission a dès lors recommandé au Conseil de renouveler l' accord d' association pour toute la durée du 7e programme - cadre .
we have called for this common position to be rejected
and a message saying hey it 's me i miss you
Je n' étais pas une bonne mère .
Voici à quoi ressemblent nos échantillons de chalutage prélevés dans la soupe de plastique que notre océan est devenu .
Après une méticuleuse analyse des options , nous devons à présent concentrer nos efforts sur une assistance proportionnée à moyen terme incluant le relogement des sinistrés et la réhabilitation de l' infrastructure sociale élémentaire .
the barcelona summit last november achieved notable results for the future
many of you have spoken about russia
Nous espérons pouvoir progresser .
we were off by 25 percent how many eighth graders do you know of who have measured the speed of light
En conséquence des décisions prises au sommet de Copenhague de décembre dernier , les traités d' adhésion pour les nouveaux États membres rejoignant l' Union devront être signés le 16 avril .
so merely because it is russian does not mean that it is less safe
Dans ce pays où les droits fondamentaux et les libertés démocratiques sont souvent bafoués , les citoyens libanais mettent de nombreux espoirs dans ces accords car ils représentent un moyen de pression dont les citoyens ne peuvent se passer .
today we are deciding on the notion that the use of the internet is a civil right
J’ espère que la paix finira par être instaurée aussi en Espagne et dans le Pays basque .
and this is what concerns us
( LV ) Monsieur le Président , je voudrais rappeler une chose à nos collègues - au moment d' approuver le budget , nous devons nous rappeler que les résidents européens sont de plus en plus sceptiques quant à ce que nous faisons ici .
this is just one more example of the way that the irish government is behaving in relation to its obligations under eu directives
A la question de savoir s' il y a encore des choses à améliorer , je répondrai qu' il y a toujours des choses à améliorer . Il faudrait notamment une plus grande diversification des actions .
Mais la manière dont ces objectifs sont réalisés diffère .
and they ask a question and the question is how can these people be so passionate
debt used skilfully for investment is however a key part of economic and social performance in europe which is competing with all the other economic regions of the world
Mais elle a dit , à la fin de sa vie , il s´est un jour redressé sur son lit , et il a demandé à l' infirmière s´il pouvait voir l´aumônier .
indeed we currently have a deficit of ecu 24 billion per annum in hi - tech trade with japan and the usa
Devant tant d' aveuglement , d' irresponsabilité et d' insuffisances , je voterai contre ce rapport .
Il est beaucoup plus vieux qu' il n' en a l' air .
Nous devons faire en sorte d' établir un commerce électronique de la plus haute qualité en Europe .
Monsieur Liese a la parole pour se prononcer contre la demande de renvoi en commission .
La qualité des services , qui importe tant aux consommateurs , a constitué un souci essentiel pour l' ensemble des orateurs , certains d' entre eux , dont M. Rübig , ayant été très explicites sur ce point .
it is good that we as a european union are making that absolutely clear
wo n't you come to the party tomorrow
La communauté internationale doit être présente et Israël ne doit pas considérer cette revendication comme un geste hostile à son égard .
we managed to have the political parties recognised in our countries they are a fundamental pillar of democracy
the strength of the eu lies in its open borders and free trade
however we must also add the possibility for greater cooperation between the member states for collaboration in international adoptions as well as supervision in relation to the protection of adopted children obviously
it is within this spirit mr president honourable members this spirit of the commission statement that i will continue to work in carrying out the mandate which this august body has entrusted me with
La police portugaise a mis sur écoute les téléphones de citoyens respectueux de la loi , ainsi que ceux de membres de leur famille ou de professionnels de la médecine suspectés d’ être impliqués .
Je voudrais cependant formuler aujourd'hui des remarques sur des questions plus générales relatives à la stratégie en matière d' aide humanitaire .
Ce qui a probablement été bien plus terrifiant pour elles que l’ effondrement du régime soviétique , c’ est la prostitution endémique de la vie quotidienne , car elle niait la signification même de la Russie et de la féminité russe .
La collecte des identificateurs biométriques des citoyens implique des risques considérables .
Les événements de Lhassa , la capitale du Tibet , et d' autres villes chinoises qui se produisent depuis le 10 mars sont fortement troublants .
the same conclusion was reached in a study by the swedish competition authority as too did a discussion paper by the irish competition authority
we will clarify that point
we 're last place in europe in innovation
Il est souvent question d' élargir la collaboration entre l' Europe et la Russie .
what is far worse however is that the member states waters continue to be polluted by untreated municipal sewage
mr president i wish to begin by thanking the two rapporteurs and in particular mrs mato adrover for her constructive cooperation in the committee on employment and social affairs under quite difficult conditions
C' est lequel qui est cassé ?
S’ il est essentiel que nous agissions pour lutter contre la raréfaction des ressources halieutiques , il importe tout autant que notre réponse soit proportionnelle .
Lorsque nous nous sommes mis au travail en juillet 1994 , le traité de Maastricht venait tout juste d' entrer en vigueur .
Concernant l’ autorisation , de nouvelles propositions de compromis ont été déposées , notamment de la part de quatre groupes parlementaires .
it involved a complex synthetic security that was derived from existing mortgage - backed securities by cloning them into imaginary units that mimicked the originals
T' es un drôle de gars .
L' oiseau ramassa la brindille avec son bec et vola vers son nid .
it took us 85 takes to get it on film to our satisfaction
at the same time bush has systematically packed the federal courts with judges chosen for their readiness to defer to presidential power
this applies especially to the use of child restraint systems
the draft will be forwarded to the committee on constitutional affairs and then to the plenary session possibly in september
Et nous nous préoccupons du juste et de l' injuste .
this mechanism must be put in place quickly in january 2010
Pourquoi ai - je l' impression de devoir prétendre être plus que ce que je suis ? "
Comme Hans Rosling , le maître , mon maître , a dit , " Laissez l' ensemble des données changer votre façon de voir les choses . "
this is a 10-kiloton bomb slightly smaller than was used in hiroshima and i want to just conclude this by just giving you some information i think -- news you could use kind of concept here
now if we 're talking about medicine and we 're talking about healing i 'd like to quote someone who has n't been quoted
as regards romania i would like to add that even recently we have seen visible measures against corruption and this should be seen as a good thing
consequently there can be no development without peace
today the european union is not using all of its room for manoeuvre to finance a genuine agricultural policy which would be capable of responding to the new challenge of enlargement
at the same time nothing impedes the member states from banning or limiting such surcharges
democracy human rights and the respect of human rights and the rule of law are all prerequisites over which we must be intransigent
my dear mr juncker luxembourg ’s presidencies of the eu are usually among the best perhaps because a small country knows that it can not monopolise the agenda but that it must be of service to everyone
Papa gère le magasin .
Ils vont à la guerre .
Écoutez , je ne veux pas perdre mon boulot .
La mise en œuvre de la politique des " normes avant le statut " des Nations unies est essentielle pour atteindre cet objectif .
in the contest between fact and fantasy fact suddenly had a powerful ally
we must also press very strongly for the referendum which is being talked about to go ahead to provide the people of east timor with the right of self - determination
Deuxièmement , nous avons besoin d’ une nouvelle stratégie européenne pluriannuelle en matière de croissance , assortie d’ une meilleure coordination des programmes d’ investissements publics des gouvernements nationaux .
Les Juifs " n' étaient plus ses ennemis , a -t -il déclaré ; ils travaillaient même pour lui .
Il en de même avec les réseaux .
C' est pourquoi la commission des budgets a soutenu par le passé et continue de soutenir fortement cette proposition de la Commission .
wikipedia ’s boosters trumpet it as heralding the arrival of “ web 2.0 ”
the partnership and cooperation agreement provides us with a framework within which we can develop our bilateral relations further and thereby contribute to the overall goals of our strategy for the whole of central asia
Mais un compromis est un compromis .
de madam president i would like to encourage the head of negotiations for copenhagen to fight for a successful outcome
let us proceed to the vote
to prevent that we seek to shore up our current intention to lose weight
do what you ought to come what may
Si nous voulons faire quelque chose pour la Turquie , nous avons aussi une Union douanière .
Cette année , depuis le 14 mai , la Commission s' est vue dans l' obligation de réinstituer cette taxe pour garantir l' approvisionnement interne des États de l' Union .
wk ah no i just -- ca what happened
Est -ce que tu peux rentrer ça ?
but i think above all i 'm in awe at their power to motivate to compel us to transfix us like really nothing else we 've ever invented has quite done before
one package 17 cents a day -- their malnutrition is overcome
because the city has interesting ways of doing things
these are certainly extremely important interests that must be protected
Il résulte de tout ceci un accroissement du nombre de cas de concurrence déloyale et des problèmes toujours plus graves pour les chefs d’ entreprise de l’ industrie métallurgique européenne , y compris en Pologne .
Ils peuvent évaluer la valeur ajoutée d’ une telle initiative à la lumière des structures actuelles et des institutions internationales existantes .
Les panneaux publicitaires , c' était " eux " communiquant dans notre espace commun , échangeant des messages , en l' occurrence par - dessus nos têtes .
it could mean that a gay person could be refused a teaching job in a church school however devout they are
we have known for centuries that free trade almost always benefits both parties
C' est totalement absurde !
in this context i have already referred several times to our discussions in the convention
what am i supposed to do with what you gave me
Les compagnons de voyages pour les objets inanimés ne sont pas de simples personnes , mais ce sont aussi la lumière qui brille sur eux et le vent soufflant sur eux et la chaleur de la pièce .
Ce rapport avait dû être soumis très rapidement à la lumière des événements du 11 septembre .
this is one very important matter addressed in the report
he can pull strings for you
Guy : Je ne sais pas comment les gens le recevront par contre
i believe that we are now witnessing such a process in connection with a very important issue which is reaching a favourable intermediate stage of completion
the commission can not accept these amendments
Il est inadmissible qu’ une femme soit contrainte à la prostitution , il est inadmissible qu’ elle vende son corps .
Bien sûr , celle - ci a ses mérites au regard de la gestion administrative quotidienne mais , à notre avis , elle ne doit pas l' emporter sur la nécessité de s' assurer contre des risques nucléaires majeurs .
Quand , par exemple , un gouvernement emprunte pour acheter des terrains , cet emprunt est traité comme une dette mais la transaction de compensation au moment de la vente par hypothèque n' est en fait jamais reconnue .
( EL ) Monsieur le Président , Monsieur le Commissaire , chers collègues , je regrette , dans le cas de ce projet de directive , de ne pas pouvoir contribuer à l' harmonie entre les deux organes institutionnels .
it is a condition sine qua non for any real protection of citizens individual liberties
what is happening in tunisia at the moment poses questions for all of us and poses questions for europe with all its delays and mistakes
Nous savons tous combien le débat au sein de la commission de l' agriculture et du développement rural et de la commission de l' environnement , de la santé publique et de la politique des consommateurs a été intense .
Ce pays est riche en minéraux .
we need to remember with the threat of an economic downturn that investment in training and education results in a reliable good quality and skilled workforce
Non parce que nous aurions subi une contrainte de la part de l' industrie , mais parce que c' était le meilleur moyen de consolider les deux approches .
he was a member of the socialist group and of the committees on transport and petitions
as a result there is some concern that less and less sophisticated investors will be tempted to entrust their savings to risky offshore hedge funds by one means or another
Tous ces éléments sont positifs .
Et c' est encore une fois , lié à quelque chose de bien .
Et cette forme est apparue .
mr president i would like to offer my congratulations to the rapporteur as many others have already done
the resulting unusual economic environment of falling prices and wages can also have a damaging psychological impact on households and businesses
Et je ne puis -- c' est une danse très élaborée et belle mais je vais faire un gros plan sur une des facettes . Celui de la relation entre le bétail et ses poulets , ses poules pondeuses .
the copenhagen consensus gives us great hope because it shows us that there are so many good things that we can do
Nous sommes prêts à travailler avec un nouveau gouvernement à la poursuite de cet objectif .
Les fondements fragiles de la jeune démocratie timoraise ont été mis au jour dans cette crise .
Lorsque ces dernières sont blessées dans un accident de la route , elles ne reçoivent aucune indemnisation , faute de pouvoir percevoir un revenu en raison de leur âge .
how should we view this proposal when the israeli army has destroyed practically all palestinian infrastructures many of which were built with eu funding
it is my great pleasure madam federal chancellor angela merkel president of the european council to sincerely welcome you today to this extraordinary plenary session of the european parliament
there are still considerable differences in the extent to which the internet is used among different countries as we have already heard here
Les États membres doivent être autorisés à déterminer eux - mêmes ce qu' ils font en matière de politique environnementale .
De ce point de vue , la Commission européenne estime que pour ce qui est de sa politique relative à la réduction des émissions de dioxyde de carbone , elle a pleinement mené à bien sa mission de pression .
i have no difficulty with the original political decision of the european union to help the regions particularly those of spain and portugal that are highly or partly dependent on fishing
L' arrêt souligne que les droits de la défense et d' une protection juridictionnelle effective de l' organisation en question ont été violés par le Conseil , qui a également omis d' apporter la preuve que l' organisation était engagée dans le terrorisme .
Est -ce là ce que vous voulez vraiment faire ?
Je suis fort impressionné .
La Commission en est encore au processus d' audition des avis et des commentaires .
once concerns information to the public
Je voudrais féliciter la commissaire pour son travail dans le domaine de la sécurité maritime .
what picasso did for example was take the concept western art and the concept african masks and blend them together -- not only the geometry but the moral systems entailed in them
madam president i would like to add my voice to those who are calling for an emergency debate on the escalating crisis with regard to foot - and - mouth disease in great britain
Mais la lecture complète de l' initiative révèle rapidement toute son ambiguïté , son approximation et ses faiblesses juridiques .
mr president i would like to refer to baroness ludford 's report
Nous aurions alors le temps d' en débattre conjointement et de définir le cadre financier le plus approprié .
Ma propre opposition à la désastreuse PCP est bien documentée dans ce Parlement et je crois que la gestion des pêcheries doit être renvoyée aux nations européennes qui pratiquent la pêche .
and it 's known that if people have damage in the fusiform gyrus they maybe lose the ability to recognize faces
L' Union européenne porterait une lourde responsabilité si elle favorisait la disparition de nos apiculteurs .
Au lieu de tenir compte des opinions de l' électorat , l' UE cherche à faire évoluer ces opinions par la propagande .
La deuxième contradiction concerne les revenus .
les systèmes ne sont pas là pour les atteindre .
therefore we have considerable leverage here in the eu over president ali abdullah saleh
J' ai une question très précise .
Le Conseil tient également à rappeler que la Commission a proposé la création d’ un instrument dénommé « groupements européens de coopération transfrontalière » .
it is also crucial to specify in the contract how you stand with the dissemination and use of results
En réalité , tout ce que la Commission doit faire , c' est proposer une liste noire des pratiques publicitaires trompeuses interdites dans le cadre de la directive pertinente .
- pt research and technology play a fundamental role in the development of a low - carbon society
environmental quality standards in the field of water policy debate
Depuis lors , la Commission a remis de l' ordre dans les affaires . Un nouveau projet de système de transit informatisé a été présenté .
at the same time the report surprises me because in fact it indirectly criticizes the decisions made in the eu including decisions taken last year
Je pense que nous devons également prendre cela en considération , car cette directive peut s’ avérer importante dans ce contexte .
the idea of energy certification of such buildings is one of the key issues which can help drive consumption in an informed way
La réglementation est déjà très stricte .
Je crains qu' une exclusion totale des brevets - qui représentent l' un des grands droits de propriété intellectuelle - n' empêche bon nombre de secteurs de profiter des bénéfices de ce chapitre .
this is the myth of the us the god - blessed land of the free
and everyone 's somewhere in the middle
Nous en excluons sans équivoque les organisations non gouvernementales ou les programmes d' aide tels que ceux qui luttent contre le sida dans les pays du tiers monde et qui sont en droit d' attendre une aide .
Marchés publics dans les domaines de la défense et de la sécurité ( débat )
this one was taken at the exact moment i was down there filming those sharks
mr president when we see what stage we have reached in the enlargement process it is perfectly clear that the views of parliament have had a great deal of influence
but government can take action that improves productivity investment returns and conditions for innovation thereby increasing the pace and enhancing the long - term results of structural adjustment
da mr president this year it is ten years since the introduction of the euro in a large number of countries within the eu
Elles se sont rencontrées au collège .
students love that tdp they think it 's the name of a video game but it 's the thermal death point -- all life ceases there
and we know that 's a measurement error because it 's messing up my data
Il est crucial d’ améliorer l' efficacité de notre utilisation de l' électricité , notamment en matière d’ éclairage , ce qui représente la majeure partie de la demande .
the suffering and outrage faced by those women goes far beyond any discrimination and difficulties we european still have to bear on the eve of the third millenium and we must condemn that and take urgent action against it
thank you mr prodi for what you have done
membership will obviously take time but the accession process will drive modernization and democratic reform in a way that will strengthen all of europe
La violation des dispositions mentionnées ci - dessus réduirait ces efforts à néant .
Nous n’ aurions pas pu dégager d’ accord sur un calendrier de conclusion de la CIG sans l’ engagement politique de mes collègues du Conseil européen .
Pourtant , les seules possibilités d' emploi qui existent à Derry , en plein processus de paix , sont offertes par Raytheon , le troisième plus grand fabricant d' armes américain .
- Pourquoi fouillons - nous les centrales iraniennes à la loupe alors que personne ne nous dit de quelles armes nucléaires dispose Israël ?
Les femmes trouvent que les hommes sont souvent très compliqués .
Je ne suis pas sûr que vos remarques portent sur des questions de fond , il nous faudra éclaircir le champ d’ application de cet article .
Ça nous donne un rendement énergétique qui est inimaginable historiquement .
member states would - be member states and third countries should respect the new regulatory framework
C' est pour cela que vous , dans vos nombreux talents et capacités êtes un spécialiste unique .
Je ne remets pas en cause la production extensive .
fourthly i call upon the commission to look into expanding the energy community in south east europe and other neighbouring countries with the aim of forming a single market for the whole region
Emi va apprendre l' anglais .
from a european perspective however it is preferable to provide a european solution
regardons ce que l' évolution peut faire pour nous .
it confirms that the european union notes the difference in a movement of convergence in which the regions adapt to the european union and the european union adapts to the regions
Si nous voulons améliorer la situation , il faut maintenant instaurer des conditions générales loyales pour le transport ferroviaire en Europe .
i would like to ask the president - in - office of the council to answer my question
Nous savons qu’ avec de la volonté politique , l’ entreprise peut continuer à fonctionner normalement .
Les diverses résolutions proposées par le PSE , les Libéraux , les Verts ou encore les Communistes ne considèrent l' extrémisme que du côté de " l' extrême droite " .
we will therefore take care to require absolute compliance with the overall legislative framework in particular relating to the dci
Je voudrais tout d' abord vous communiquer une information importante .
Je tiens à vous rassurer sur ce point .
La crise économique et financière rend d' autant plus criante la nécessité de renforcer l' impact des fonds disponibles .
golden rice offers the potential to make contributions to human health and welfare as monumental as the discovery and distribution of the salk polio vaccine
par écrit . - J' ai rarement vu un rapport aussi démagogique et aussi décalé .
Ce bouleversement politique a eu un effet retardateur sur l' économie et la politique en Turquie , surtout en matière de travaux législatifs .
Les Pays - Bas permettent une politique d' admission conforme aux principes fondamentaux d' une école .
moreover this report on distance purchasing ignores the related concept of e - commerce
fiscal expansion alone caused gdp in the us to be 3.4 % higher over 2009 - 2010 than it otherwise would have been
Plusieurs centaines de personnes ont été tuées ; Amnesty International et les Nations unies ont publié des rapports alarmants .
i get a breath of tear gas and i ca n't breathe
you run down to the base of the sacred mountain antakillqa
because in the balloon like in life we go very well in unforeseen directions
the path to achieving it can only be found via the representatives of european citizens in other words the parliaments
Par ailleurs , il mentionne délibérément l' expérience de la démocratie et de ceux qui ont lutté pour la démocratie en Europe centrale .
D’ ici la fin du mois , la Commission est invitée à soumettre à l’ approbation du Conseil les premiers partenariats européens conjointement aux prochains rapports annuels relatifs au processus de stabilisation et d’ association .
it might be cynical of me to say this but it is true trafficking in human beings is one of the growth markets in europe
nor does it make any sense for the spanish government to attack the italian parliament for paying its members too much
now the socialists want to prevent you from taking office
i mortgaged my house
Malheureusement c' est insuffisant pour établir une relation de cause à effet entre les primes pour résultats accordées aux cadres à des niveaux inférieurs et les risques qu' ils prennent .
Nous devons en tirer les leçons et faire en sorte que les dossiers soient mieux traités , par une OMC remaniée en profondeur , et enfin , instaurer une compréhension claire du rôle du commerce et de la réalisation d’ un développement durable .
Les rapporteurs et les commissaires ont donné leur avis cet après-midi et ce soir , Mesdames et Messieurs , vous poursuivez la discussion par le biais d' un débat général .
Or plus de 30 années ont passé et la situation n' a pas changé .
Il nous incomberait à présent de changer les superstructures politiques , d' adapter l' architecture institutionnelle à ces changements .
besides most russians support the government with no dissent at all they say
furthermore it is impossible to do two things at once
we look at the diseases which are in the animals as well as the humans
Monsieur le Président , Mesdames et Messieurs , je voudrais conclure par trois observations . Le commissaire Barnier a déjà indiqué que le principe d' une coopération renforcée a été spécifiquement établi pour permettre de surmonter les obstacles liés à l' unanimité .
Les spécialistes vont maintenant décortiquer les détails du contrat .
Je trouve ces propos un peu déplacés .
Il convient notamment de garder à l' esprit que toutes ces infrastructures ont été construites dans le respect de l' environnement .
C' est une politique monétaire trop laxiste , plus que toute autre chose , qui a érodé l' économie américaine .
M. Morillon a demandé des informations sur la ligne budgétaire et sur la recherche en matière de défense .
the change to the administrative system which is being planned sets considerably more ambitious objectives as compared to the current safe level and the precautionary principle
i hope therefore that the igc will make profound changes that will allow me to vote when the time comes in favour of the constitution
it 's a pretty good life --
this is a serious step towards the introduction of minimum criminal rules at eu level by the legislative institutions of the union or in other words the communitisation of criminal law
the report notes the variety of systems of rights - based management currently in place the degree to which the forms of right concerned are hybrid ones and the complexity of the issues involved
cold start procedures on - board diagnostics fiscal incentives for scrappage schemes and overall improvement for fuel quality were all included in my opinion and supported by the economic committee
Maintenant , non seulement j' ai été clé à faire rater l' Internet à Apple , mais quelques années plus tard j' ai aidé Bill Gates a faire la même chose .
for example fee - bates a combination of a fee and a rebate in any size class of vehicle you want can increase the price of inefficient vehicles and correspondingly pay you a rebate for efficient vehicles
Le rapport de cette année est plus équilibré , mais le message qu’ il véhicule reste peu enthousiaste .
not only have they not been got rid of but there is a massive proliferation
in my opinion a worthwhile contribution to this event would be the concept that the empowerment of women can be regarded as a strategy for the development of society as a whole
Dans une négociation entre des représentants du gouvernement et un banquier dont la prime est dans la balance , lequel a le plus d' influence sur l' autre pour fixer un prix ?
La commission de l' agriculture et du développement rural est également préoccupée par les mesures de développement rural .
Garder une monnaie relativement stable a été considéré comme une priorité plus importante que d' empêcher la perte des réserves étrangères .
Je l' apporte de ce pas .
he 'll run out of luck sooner or later
Le cadre restrictif illustre notre incapacité à combiner les objectifs et les possibilités de financement .
C' est ce que nous avons essayé de faire en tenant compte de la famille , de la société , ainsi que de nouveaux modèles de production .
À plusieurs reprises , au fil des années , notre Parlement s' est prononcé sur l' Angola pour critiquer des attitudes et comportements .
Madame le Président , l' objet de la proposition qui nous occupe est la mise sur pied d' un programme de sensibilisation au droit communautaire destiné aux professions qui interviennent de la façon la plus directe dans l' administration de la justice .
Notre débat coïncide en effet avec l' introduction d' un régime d' exemption de visa pour les citoyens de Bosnie - Herzégovine et d' Albanie , comprenant l' option d' une suspension rapide de l' accord en cas de problème , comme un déluge de demandes d' asile .
we have only accepted the inclusion of air transport in the emission trading scheme as part of the compromise but direct taxation is out of the question
a couple of years ago i was hiking near cody wyoming
Mesdames et Messieurs , je voudrais une fois encore vous remercier pour ce débat , qui a été complet et a clairement montré que les positions de la Commission et du Parlement sont très proches .
president barack obama ’s pragmatism and refusal to embrace the bush administration ’s “ war on terror ” will also be a key determinant of the outcome
Les collègues des délégations des autres pays membres nous ont régulièrement remerciés pour notre efficacité , notre travail .
La situation actuelle est dans l’ impasse .
this is why our people should know precisely what they are voting for this sunday
i had to stop
in fact it makes so much sense that we can construct an electronic toy circuit that simulates the behavior of the fly
Bien entendu , cela ne veut pas dire qu’ il faille faire table rase du passé .
reliable figures on the impact of armed conflict on children are hard to come by
Ayez juste conscience de la pression .
i really appreciate your offer to help me clean out my garage
but while the fcic republicans write eloquently do they have any evidence to back up their assertions
this is more important than ever
Il insinue que la construction d’ une Europe fédérale sera source de paix grâce à l’ affaiblissement du rôle de l’ OTAN au sein de l’ Europe et dans le monde .
Les 97 autres déficits ne sont pas apparus par magie .
now is the time to address this issue in a real manner and the community like other iccat members has to share in the effort to do so
we finally arrived at the lake
Ce qui est plus inquiétant c’ est que nombres d’ électeurs sont dans le déni .
Bien que l' histoire ne soit pas en train de se répéter , il est clair que le gouvernement italien a mis en branle des procédures racistes qui vont clairement à l' encontre des directives 2000/43 / CE et 2004/38 / CE .
i agree that it should happen before march and we will do our best
Or , c' est précisément au monde politique que revient à présent la tâche de restaurer la confiance des citoyens , confrontés à la grave crise économique que nous connaissons .
under different circumstances this progress might translate into prosperity for society as a whole
L' armée britannique est probablement la meilleure du monde .
and detroit will make money on every unit
Voilà le paradoxe et la difficulté auxquels vous être confrontés et je suis confronté .
Nous en constatons les conséquences dans le monde réel .
Toutefois , il n' est pas sûr qu' une directive pour l' harmonisation des normes de sécurité à l' échelle européenne soit , à ce stade de l' histoire , la meilleure manière d' avancer .
Toutefois , une série de questions nécessitent des réponses , Monsieur le Président .
Deuxièmement , elle rapprochera l' Europe du Royaume - Uni , puisque l' euro sera la monnaie utilisée par la population civile vivant dans les deux colonies britanniques de Chypre , Akrotiri et Dhekelia .
Je t' ai pris pour ton frère .
the future of the balkans will not be decided in washington or moscow or even in new york it will be decided here in europe among the peoples who are directly affected and their european neighbours friends and partners
Ils sont censés être enfermés ,
what is the commission 's view of a country that first ratifies treaties and then tries to bypass them with the help of national legislation when it suddenly decides they no longer suit it
Nous soutenons également l’ amendement visant à ce que les installations de gestion des déchets inertes soient également couvertes par les dispositions relatives aux accidents majeurs .
- À la fin de la guerre froide , l’ OTAN s’ est redéfini comme un espace de sécurité élargi pour toute la communauté Euro - Atlantique , comprenant les nouvelles démocraties d’ Europe de l’ Est .
L' amendement 66 appelle à une réduction de la charge fiscale globale qui pèse sur les travailleurs et sur les entreprises .
Alors , voici quelques - uns des personnages que nous avons .
Les amendements 1 , 2 , 4 et 19 à 22 ne sont donc pas adoptés .
Le temps est-il venu de les prendre au mot ?
Il m' a dit , " Je serais libre . "
J' espère qu' il sera possible , sous la présidence suédoise , de trouver un accord politique concernant la protection temporaire .
Mais c' est un habitat crucial aux première années de leur vie , jusqu' à ce qu' il soient assez grand pour rejoindre le récif .
we must sleep at least seven hours a day
on the surface this may appear to be an objective yardstick
i do n't want to give up the science but at the same time it kind of feels sometimes like the science is coming out from under us
C' est la raison pour laquelle nous concentrons tous nos efforts à comprendre et à aider les patients atteints de troubles mentaux à calmer leur esprit .
Par suite , c' est en écoutant que nous avons découvert quelques - uns des secrets les plus importants de l' univers -- son échelle , de quoi il est fait , et même son âge .
they found an ally in that cause in bush
Le troisième paquet ferroviaire est en fait la continuation d' un long processus d' ouverture du secteur ferroviaire européen à la concurrence et d' harmonisation des normes en Europe .
mr president could you confirm that means elected from otherwise mr goldsmith could attempt to use his british citizenship and thereby establish another nation
En termes de construction et de fabrication , c' est un bloc de logement de un kilomètre de long qui a été construit dans les années 70 à Amsterdam .
Près de Tel Aviv , à Jaffa , ce fut une milice concurrente , sous le commandement d’ Hassan Salameh , qui prit le contrôle .
the eu ’s greater economic power still attracts other countries but this power might lose its luster if the eu continues to disappoint them by failing to meet their expectations
on the other hand political connections do not make a politician
Le fait que ces pays essaient de se qualifier pour l' entrée dans l' UE a d' ores et déjà valu aux États membres des avantages importants .
On l’ a fait très simple pour moi Et tous ceux qui veulent utiliser le site .
both the council and the commission will of course deny this is the case but a number of us know better even if luckily such competition is not the general rule
maybe the solution there involves talking to other people in real time
Il est important de mentionner qu' Europol joue un rôle de premier plan dans la lutte contre la contrefaçon .
Or , le gouvernement français , se comportant de manière inacceptable , tente de reconduire Mme Karamoko dans son pays d’ origine , la Mauritanie , et cela en bafouant le droit fondamental de pouvoir se faire soigner au sein de l’ Union européenne .
Elle préconise également une interdiction totale au niveau européen , tout en laissant aux pays tiers la possibilité d' accepter ou non l' entrée de pétroliers à simple coque dans leurs ports .
the road to hdr geothermal energy has been long and expensive but like all developing technologies the basic research and development had to be done before commercial development could follow
my english lost i wanted to vomit
this is really striking
Tristement , la réalité de cet échec à atteindre les objectifs déclarés du Plan n' a toutefois pas froissé l' esprit des gouvernements nationaux : pas un seul état n' a formulé d' opposition aux stratégies actuelles .
Nous reviendrons bien sûr sur le sujet .
in other words employment impact assessment should not take on the scale of the bank 's environmental section
but the thing to notice is that there will be many more ways not to be on a peak
so let me start with genomics
Nous devons néanmoins réussir et il ne fait pas de doute que la solution passe par de bonnes structures d' accueil des enfants .
Pour beaucoup de personnes , la non-utilisation de la totalité de ces crédits est due à des problèmes liés à la bureaucratie dans leur région , et non pas un manque de demandes de financement .
this will significantly improve the readability of the directive
moreover this is not just a story about sales
every man desires to live long but no man would be old
the international community needs to pay very special attention to the status of women
Les mots couverts augmentent rapidement , donc vérifie fréquemment .
Ces familles reçoivent très peu de réponses .
as in many countries conflicts over public morality and national strategy come down to questions of money
so lava - tube caves-- i 've just told you about organisms that live here on this planet
Même si ces catastrophes naturelles n' avaient que des effets économiques , je crois que les puissances économiques et les gouvernements devraient prendre des mesures .
madam president the various disasters in austria which have just been mentioned also affected the czech republic and poland particularly at the beginning and these two countries are still suffering as a result
as a result of the successful negotiations i think a number of clarifications and improvements have been made while keeping the text short and concise
La vie est faite de tentations . Tout est question de succomber , de résister , oui , non , maintenant , plus tard , impulsif , réfléchi , orienté sur l' instant présent et tourné vers le futur .
Les amendements déposés par le PPE ont cherché à diluer le texte et à diviser ceux qui étaient favorables à celui - ci .
i would like to thank all those involved for the work they have done
Lorsqu' il atteint de telles proportions et qu' il aboutit à de telles absurdités - comment assimiler des terroristes à de simples détenus de droit commun?- , l' angélisme confine à la stupidité .
and even non - strategic missile - defense systems the deployment of which might be useful will be questioned
so you refer the patient to hip replacement therapy
and the undertaker was not ecb president mario draghi it was german chancellor angela merkel
Le mariage est pour les femmes l' état le plus commun , et la quantité de relations sexuelles non-sollicitées subies par les femmes est probablement plus grande à l' intérieur du mariage que dans la prostitution .
Le principe de solidarité et de représentativité , qui guide depuis longtemps l' Union , ne doit pas être supplanté par l' égoïsme de certains grands États membres .
narrator eventually the race to the future took on added momentum with the breakup of the telephone company
and of course behavior does n't fossilize
you can see almost without exception the unaids estimates are much higher than the mortality - based estimates
Monsieur le Président du Parlement , Monsieur le Président du Conseil européen , Monsieur le Président de la Commission , chers collègues , pour la troisième fois , les institutions politiques de l' Union européenne sont priées d' établir un bilan de leur action .
that is an objective fixed at the community level
i would come back however to questions of principle which i believe we should examine thoroughly
their fecklessness and recklessness are what convince much of the world that africans can do nothing but dance slaughter each other and beg
Les experts , les forages de puits , l' eau potable et également les soins médicaux sont particulièrement importants .
the sanction mechanism in the present stability pact did not appear to be rock - hard or neutral large member states on the basis of their position of power were able to violate the rules and get away with it
Les Incas prenaient des bains plus fréquemment que les Européens .
Il y a d’ ailleurs la jurisprudence .
is there a direct link between the arrival of migrants and the re - entry into the labour market of our own european citizens
the romanian parliament and government have so far voted to reject the initiatives the commission has taken to this effect here too action is needed and i ask commissioner rehn to use what influence he has to this end
Mon coeur trépida .
Voilà l' avenir de la politique : au XXIe siècle , la politique doit reposer sur le dialogue et la négociation afin d' intégrer et d' inclure les aspirations de tous les citoyens dans le processus démocratique .
moreover the commission hastened to take measures to improve aviation security ranging from access to the cockpit to luggage checks
" Quel âge a -t -elle ? " " Elle a douze ans . "
C' est pour cette raison même que le Conseil a adopté récemment des mesures pour promouvoir l' utilisation et la production de biocarburants de deuxième génération , en d' autres termes , des biocarburants dont la production n' entre pas en concurrence avec la production alimentaire .
tough both as regards resources and as regards results
Dans ce contexte , je pense , Monsieur le Commissaire , que votre proposition est la meilleure , bien qu' elle n' aborde pas certains problèmes de fond affectant le secteur , comme le souligne le rapport de M. Rosado Fernandes .
what i would like to address today is the framework for the common fishing of the baltic
to what extent and by what means will the union help those eastern and south - eastern european countries which have huge monetary and financial problems themselves to fight that interaction between politics and organised crime
there is a serious and immediate need for compensation for the victims however there is an even more serious need for a different policy
En Turquie , il y a une loi - et le commissaire devrait le savoir - qui interdit la construction de tout lieu de culte non islamique dans une rue où il y a une mosquée .
Et en passant de 0 à 0.1 seconde , ça chatouille plus .
Il offre de grandes perspectives aux patients , mais est également source de nouveaux maux de tête pour les gestionnaires des budgets de la santé .
Toutefois , la Commission est incapable ne fût - ce que de citer le montant exact dont bénéficient ces entreprises .
L' interdiction du Parti pour une société démocratique ( DTP ) n' est pas propice à la réussite de cette initiative démocratique .
NEW YORK – Au milieu des pressions de la crise financière mondiale , certains se demandent comment nous pouvons nous permettre de nous attaquer au réchauffement climatique .
Je voudrais tout d’ abord souligner que ce sont principalement les États membres qui doivent assumer la responsabilité de l’ ensemble de la question du contrôle et de la mise en application des règles .
you 'll get over this
La première préoccupation des citoyens européens est sans doute , après la santé , l' emploi .
Par ailleurs , la Grèce doit être prête à prendre son propre destin en main .
Tout ceci me donne l' impression qu' il y a certaines limites à l' activité économique et à la liberté laissée aux rouages du marché de régler toutes les situations au sein du marché intérieur .
L' idée , toutefois , que nous puissions spécifier des limites d' émissions différentes pour les zones maritimes et les eaux intérieures ne fonctionnera pas .
Telle est la réalité de ce système économique , qui a désormais atteint ses limites et doit être rigoureusement contrôlé .
Une de nos méthodes pour identifier -- pour vérifier l' origine d' un document , c' est d' essayer d' amener ces gars à écrire des lettres .
Les personnes tout à fait innocentes qui étaient accidentellement présentes au moment du meurtre sont contraintes de garder le silence sur ces événements si elles ne veulent pas être tenues pour complices du crime de ces voyous et criminels .
so i thought that that 's actually my problem
lastly i wish to say that the regulation continues to be guided by the idea that the sole factor in conserving fisheries resources is to reduce fishing activities at eu level disregarding other determining factors
Que dis - tu de sortir pour une courte promenade ?
Le passé et l' histoire culturelle de l' Iran doivent être pris en compte dans la manière d' examiner son évolution politique et sociale actuelle .
a lower price level would also increase the real value of business debt weakening balance sheets and thus making it harder for companies to get additional credit
i saw you in the park yesterday
Si l’ on s’ en tient à la tendance planétaire actuelle , seuls l’ Union Européenne et le Japon auront en 2030 un taux d’ émissions inférieur à celui d’ aujourd’ hui .
this house has made a clear amendment here worker 's rights are not exclusive but apply to all employees regardless of what their collective bargaining situation is
and when i would go up to the country he would teach me things like deer hunting which meant getting lost with a gun basically -- and trout fishing and stuff like that
Je voulais te le montrer .
. - Monsieur le Président , peu après la Seconde Guerre mondiale , la Birmanie a fait des débuts prometteurs en tant qu’ État indépendant .
he is the best player on our team
L’ UE doit faire tout ce qui est en son pouvoir pour persuader la Russie d’ adopter une approche plus coopérative et nous devons exploiter les possibilités offertes dans les accords récemment conclus .
Quand cette station spatiale cellulaire est dans le champ électrique , celui - ci s' exerce sur ces protéines hautement chargées , et les aligne .
it 's not developmentally appropriate and it 's particularly bad for boys
james schlesinger -- and i 'm going to have to end with this -- says psychologists have attempted to understand how and why individuals and groups who usually act humanely can sometimes act otherwise in certain circumstances
Je déclare reprise la session du Parlement européen , qui avait été interrompue le jeudi 10 mai 2007 .
Les pays musulmans en particulier devraient soutenir les préparatifs d’ une intervention si la violence devait dégénérer .
i would also like to reiterate all the requests made by the rapporteur mr varela
nl thankfully this weak swedish presidency has come to an end as not much good has come out of sweden
Imaginez une culture ou une vie , adulte ou autre sans jouer .
since the beginning of the year violence in afghanistan has cost the lives of more than 2 200 people
so maybe you know there 's no such thing as crazy and being diagnosed with a mental illness does n't mean you 're crazy
Mis à part ces points , le traité d' Amsterdam ne justifie pas , hélas , qu' on entonne un hymne à la joie .
under lula ’s stewardship millions of brazilians emerged from poverty and the middle class has become a majority – albeit a small one
the purchase price might have been higher but it would ultimately have worked out cheaper per kilometre
the socio - economic performance indicators proposed by the commission represent an attempt to bring about a form of socio - economic coordination nonetheless without having to go through a legislative procedure bristling with pitfalls
so if you do n't know one of these languages it 's instant learning
Le défi est de les réunir dans la version finale de la Charte .
indeed i was the youngest member of any delegation in the 1980 convention that elected ronald reagan to be the republican nominee for president
L' existence des politiques publiques dans des domaines sociaux fondamentaux , concernant en particulier des services publics universellement accessibles en matière de santé et d' éducation , a apporté une contribution décisive à notre société .
this is the same person -- top photo james bottom photo jennifer
i realized that though carol had died that core piece of her had not died at all but had lived on very determinedly in my brain
Vous pouvez dire que c' est un problème d' hygiène . Je ne dis pas que c' est à cause de la pauvreté .
those sectors are industry energy transport agriculture and tourism
Même si cela ne nécessite pas seulement de l' argent , celui - ci est quand même très utile !
Nous avons eu peu de neige , cet hiver .
with the second report parliament actually invited the commission to present new proposals to adapt a further limited number of acts
nevertheless asian policymakers should improve cooperation mechanisms designed to prevent and manage crises
J' en viens maintenant à la question qui a été posé sur le Tchad .
Comme bien d' autres avant moi , je suis d' avis que l' affaire est urgente .
Je trouve que ce Parlement doit , dans une courte résolution , demander des choses très précises au Conseil et à la Commission .
mr president ladies and gentlemen mr president - in - office of the council in my capacity as chairman of the ep delegation for relations with central asia i shall confine myself to a few comments concerning those budget lines
it is impossible to debate the forthcoming agricultural negotiations at the wto without putting the matter in the context of the commission 's mid - term review last month
i suggest that we perhaps continue the work we have started
Celle - ci fait l' objet d' un renouvellement annuel et énonce clairement , parmi ses objectifs , la promotion du respect du droit international et des droits de l' homme , y compris des droits de la femme et de l' enfant .
the marketing is -- the message for marketing is -- that try to measure what consumers actually do rather than what they say they 'll do or anticipate they 'll do
Seule une solution de niveau européen aura la portée nécessaire pour faire une différence , pour le plus grand avantage de tous .
Mais parfois , vous devez leur proposer un scénario pour faire bouger les choses .
there are only five to six thousand known species
they only protected their achievements and no longer focused on preserving their prosperity for the future and we all know what happened to egyptian culture
i would stress the role that serbia has been playing in the stabilisation of the region of the western balkans as a whole and in particular in the stability and cohesion of bosnia and herzegovina
Lorsque l' épilepsie n' est pas traitée , les personnes souffrent davantage qu' en cas de traitement adéquat .
hence big investments in energy services are the order of the day throughout the developing world
mrs wallström and mr byrne have quite clearly come through their examinations before the european parliament with flying colours
thank you president - in - office of the council
Nous devrions essayer de faire de l’ immigration un facteur qui renforce les relations et la stabilité entre les pays d’ origine et de destination .
Vous envisagez la privatisation , la délégation à des tiers .
Il est économe , pour ne pas dire radin .
Dans ce contexte , il faut une plus grande intégration politique et sociale , avec une Europe plus forte et plus unifiée .
La poussière recouvre le bureau .
it is very fortunate that parliament sometimes gets ahead of the agenda
the future lies in a green liberal market economy
Jusqu' ici , les spécialistes de droit ont dit que le statut des fonctionnaires des CE doit traiter tous les fonctionnaires de façon équivalente .
L' effondrement des structures familiales , éventuellement aussi dans certains domaines l' éloignement de l' église , entraînent l' effondrement des structures traditionnelles qui veillaient à ce qu' il y ait toujours quelqu' un pour écouter .
Après tout , il est plus important pour les contribuables de participer à la politique locale que de rester sur la touche en attendant qu’ on leur accorde les mêmes droits que les citoyens de naissance .
in that statement it stresses that the production and marketing of safe food must be one of the european union 's priorities and that a high level of health protection must be ensured
as for the matter in hand india has been called the world 's largest democratic state
i recognise the importance of introducing stronger protection from dismissal during the period from the beginning of pregnancy and the months immediately following the end of maternity leave
and what are we doing today about this famous directive
Il y en a en fait une en cours sur l' homme , donc c' est technologiquement faisable .
Celle - ci regroupe des pays et régions déterminés à se fixer des objectifs et des calendriers pour l' accroissement des énergies renouvelables parmi celles qui existent .
the first of these is the redistribution of existing work
Je connais la raison , mais je ne peux pas vous la dire .
Du point de vue de l' Allemagne , il est également important , me semble -t -il , que la structure du marché prenne en considération les facteurs nationaux .
looking beyond the middle east africa provides the best evidence for a geopolitics based as much on regional powers and institutions as on traditional great powers
Lundi , mon collègue , Chris Patten , a souhaité beaucoup de chance au président Mesa , qui , nous en conviendrons certainement tous , prend ses fonctions à un moment crucial de l’ histoire de la Bolivie .
Les gens aiment garder tout parfaitement ratissé et prennent soin de ne laisser traîner aucune feuille .
Je m' en cogne .
Je dois trouver de nouvelles amies .
it is therefore worth tempering words and intentions with reality
therefore i support the european commission 's position and the interim agreement which can be suspended if necessary in reaction to events in the country
for example northern afghanistan has unexplored reserves of oil and natural gas that could help meet china ’s energy needs
Et il les étudie en observant l' embryogenèse des oiseaux et en observant vraiment comment ils se développent . Et il s' intéresse à la façon dont les oiseaux parviennent à perdre leur queue .
i welcome this report on the communication from the commission on stimulating technologies for sustainable development - an environmental technologies action plan for the eu
mr president paragraph 5 where it says to sign and ratify should read to ratify or accede to the rome statue because at this stage it is no longer possible to sign the statute
secondly mr president - in - office of the council i should like to express great concern at the inadequacy of the 2 june agreements
the vast number of testers required leads me to ask where they all are
En Irak , il existe un important secteur agricole développé sur des terres à rendement marginal où les fermiers se battent constamment contre le sel et de terribles sécheresses .
Ma grand-mère parle lentement .
Ce rapport ne fait nulle part mention des douze mille roquettes envoyées sur Israël depuis Gaza et qui ont très gravement menacé la sécurité de la population locale .
mr president ladies and gentlemen i thank the rapporteur for his proposals which are supported by our group as well
La production d' aliments de qualité à un prix raisonnable est très importante du point de vue du marché et du pouvoir d' achat des citoyens , et notamment des citoyens à faibles revenus .
Chaque année , il est la cause du décès de 650 000 personnes ; de plus , 79 000 adultes succombent au tabagisme passif .
do n't be disgusting
Le Parlement s' est déjà exprimé à ce sujet par le biais d' un rapport que j' ai eu l' honneur de présenter .
Si on crie du haut d' une falaise , on entend l' écho de sa voix .
Je pense en particulier au problème des eaux intérieures auquel M. Van der Waal s' est toujours attaché avec une parfaite connaissance des dossiers .
À l' inverse , le Venezuela est dirigé par un démagogue populiste , Hugo Chávez , qui n' a affiché que peu de considération pour la démocratie et la liberté d' expression .
Dans ce cadre , les priorités que le Parlement avait soutenues dès le stade des orientations devenaient totalement possibles , et ce essentiellement dans trois dossiers .
J' ai , par contre , une question à poser à cet égard : que signifie " construire la paix sans opportunisme " .
peace process in spain debate
low - income countries can also improve their prospects by strengthening their fiscal management fostering private - sector development and liberalizing trade
that in turn requires “ not just engaging state to state ” but also working “ with players and actors outside of the traditional channels we ’ve engaged in ”
Cette proposition est à notre disposition , et , comme je l' ai dit , la commission économique et monétaire s' engage à la faire avancer rapidement .
in order to complete the network that is currently planned an investment of around eur 400 billion would be required
Au diable la grammaire !
if the crisis is a result of over - production and problems in accessing the market it makes no economic sense whatever to give in to demands for wage cuts
first of all and quite sincerely i must thank everyone who has worked on this report particularly the delegation among many from the french presidency
Je voudrais commencer mon intervention là où M. Gasòliba i Böhm l' a terminée .
Le printemps arabe a pu ébranler les suppositions sur la patience populaire dans la région .
i do not concede that the training of doctors gives them the right to decide what is best for patients
Il est tout à fait dommage que je sois ce soir le seul homme à prendre la parole .
Si les députés adoptent mes amendements , déposés conjointement par les libéraux et par les rapporteurs fictifs du PPE - DE , un accord en première lecture se dégagera lors du Conseil de ministres de mai .
Malheureusement nous avons le sentiment , au sein de l' UNICEF , que cette organisation n' a eu de missions à accomplir que tant qu' il n' existait pas d' organisation européenne particulière capable de s' en charger .
Et ces choses arrivent tout le temps . Vous faites ces prédictions .
- J’ ai reçu six propositions de résolution(1 ) , déposées sur la base de l’ article 103 , paragraphe 2 , du règlement .
ils peuvent créer un modèle instantannément , parce qu' ils génèrent beaucoup d' émotion .
Deuxièmement , nous suggérons d' élaborer des règles de manière à associer adéquatement les bénéficiaires à un processus de réforme .
pt the matter i am bringing before this plenary session today is the budgetary position of the various member states
few people understood his comment
why are you wearing a sweater
on the day the european parliament held its last sitting here in strasbourg namely 13 december 2007 the reform treaty was signed in lisbon
Lorsque les combattants ne sont pas parvenus à vaincre les forces loyalistes par eux - mêmes , les puissances extérieures ont été obligées d' intervenir .
aid should be less and better
the social partners are asked not to bother themselves with economic policy but only with social policy
basically nobody wants substantial reform of the works councils certainly not before the next european elections
and by that stage you 're not looking great you 're not feeling great you 're not having that much sex
this is not true
C' est exactement ce que je voulais .
it 's peaking fuel it 's all those
Le lien entre le mécanisme de soutien et la procédure de l' OMC est entièrement artificiel .
the euro zone needs to set an example for the social market economy
we learned it in college
airlines will also benefit from the agreement since it provides for the use of each other 's approved repair and maintenance facilities
by this i mean that a member state that has a debt which it can no longer pay can not receive assistance thereby adding a new debt to the existing one with higher costs as well
Nous avons vu un nouveau processus de production de papier à partir de paille , lequel utilise , lui aussi , des produits chimiques beaucoup plus respectueux de l’ environnement .
Ton âme est condamnée à l' enfer .
why do n't we go somewhere together
L’ objectif est l’ éradication définitive de la maladie dans la volaille d’ élevage et les oiseaux sauvages , espèces qui portent et alimentent l’ agent pathogène .
Et les crimes perpétrés par les nazis étaient tellement horribles par leur ampleur et leur intention que de nouvelles lois – sur les « crimes contre l’ humanité » - durent être créées pour juger ceux qui en étaient formellement responsables .
Aujourd’hui , les Russes écoutent les vieilles chansons soviétiques et regardent des films de l’ ère soviétique .
Permettez - moi de rappeler ces principes .
Cette proximité de l’ électorat est un point auquel je souhaiterais que la présidence irlandaise prête attention lors du prochain Conseil européen .
what we saw was a natural experiment
En outre , le règlement de la production est un processus lent , car il faut environ deux ans avant que les vaches ne soient prêtes pour la production .
Sais - tu qui est cette personne ?
Nous n’ avons pas pu parler pour les Chypriotes turcs .
De nombreux décideurs dans les marchés émergeants considèrent que l’ accumulation de réserves de change durant les années 2000 a permis de protéger leurs pays contre la volatilité du taux de change et la perte de compétitivité à l’ exportation .
i hope that reliance on mutual confidence in the systems of the other party will foster realisation of the agreement
Établissez des listes exhaustives de tous les postes attribués au Conseil .
Cela est très important pour le Parlement européen .
in particular i would like to mention the strong spirit indeed the will that prevailed including on the part of the commission and the council in the end to arrive at a really constructive solution
because we in the 25 member states have opted for this community it is also fitting that we do everything we can to ensure that it functions as well and effectively as possible
did anyone call me when i was out
so somehow or other she needed to get rid of two tumours before she could be helped
Nous voulons que ce principe s' applique à la fois aux dispositions communautaires dont nous parlons ici et à toutes les autres boissons alcoolisées .
L' heure est passée .
simply having a positive attitude to this issue is not sufficient
Je pense qu' une rétention de 10 % serait bien plus appropriée et c' est la raison pour laquelle j' ai déposé un amendement .
Certaines de ces pressions ont pu filtrer et affecter les politiques de la BCE .
new york – the eurozone crisis is reaching its climax
mr president coming from london i in no way minimise the terrorist threat
Cet étiquetage devrait être clair et universellement reconnaissable , de manière à ce que les consommateurs européens sachent que ce qu' ils achètent n' a pas été produit à partir d' animaux nourris avec des aliments génétiquement modifiés .
J' ai beaucoup moins d' énergie et beaucoup plus d' eau à moins que vous soyez comme moi et que vous laissiez le mitigeur en position chaude quand vous l' allumez .
Lorsque l' euro a chuté , leur fierté blessée a forcé les gouvernements européens à essayer de vanter ses mérites .
apparently we need more analysis
Nous votons sur ce rapport aujourd’hui , et la voix du Parlement est importante dans cette affaire .
La discussion est revenue sur ses rails .
Nous arrivons certainement aux dernières pages de ce chapitre des renflouements .
Tu devrais faire examiner tes yeux .
Les visas ne sont pas introduits par catégories de personnes , ils sont réglementés par pays et par nationalité .
Nous nous voyons comme un journal ou un magazine fournissant une information très objective .
J' ai voté contre ce rapport et , ce faisant , j' avais à l' esprit une belle aventure concernant le respect de notre environnement marin .
je réponds : « Non , ça doit faire 15 heures » , et je repars nager , une autre minute aller , et une autre minute retour , pour faire les 15 heures .
De cette manière , le marché a la possibilité de les récompenser .
Je serais ravie qu' on propose effectivement une liste positive et que nous cessions de faire de la législation une coquille vide sous la pression du lobby agro-alimentaire .
Le scénario le plus noir pour les bénéficiaires serait l' absence de régimes de pension performants relevant du deuxième pilier .
nowadays much more than ever there are large amounts of money lying around throughout the world money belonging to individual savers small banks insurance companies and pension funds
however there is a general misconception on our revenues
Depuis près de 20 siècles , cette civilisation forme la composante centrale et durable de l' héritage européen .
today through a combination of irresponsible republican - led tax cuts a slowing economy the bursting of the stock market bubble and a massive increase in defense spending huge deficits dominate the fiscal horizon
when they finally found him it was too late
Le voleur était pieds et poings liés .
Alors ça c' est du réel . C' est un chou-fleur
this week a number of reports of relevance to road safety have featured on our agenda the ferrari report has been mentioned and tomorrow we have mrs gurmai 's report as well as the markov report tonight
is this the right signal to be sending out at a time when funding for other research projects in particular for renewable energy is being cut
L' objectif de cette facilité était de répondre à cette hausse considérable des prix , dont les causes résidaient essentiellement mais pas exclusivement dans les sécheresses qui affectaient les pays producteurs de céréales et la hausse des prix pétroliers .
but the trend in medicine actually is to get exponentially smaller
for this special thanks go to my colleague mr sacconi
Le Conseil , qui n' est pas ici , représente les États membres , que j' appelle instamment à améliorer leur gestion des ressources budgétaires européennes .
by iranians i mean those living in iran itself such as mrs ebadi as well as émigré iranians such as miriam rajavi
Le comité pour les personnes disparues n' est donc pas seulement un symbole , c' est un instrument du dialogue entre les deux communautés et donc une contribution essentielle à un règlement global de la question chypriote .
in common with the danish federation of trade unions we have reservations about foreign workers looking like rats in host member states
Le chiffre est petit .
Le rôle de l' administration européenne est étendu et complexe .
Plusieurs États membres , parmi lesquels les Pays - Bas , feront en effet tout ce qu' ils pourront pour éviter une extradition pour , par exemple , des faits d' euthanasie ou d' avortement .
On m' informe justement que dans les autres versions que vous n' avez pas mentionnées , ces erreurs ou omissions n' ont pas été constatées .
En effet , il est important de continuer à faire pression sur la Chine avant la tenue des Jeux olympiques dans moins d' un mois .
and what you see if you plot it in this slightly curious way is that everybody lies on the same line
the question was not whether there would be a response
Malheureusement , le temps qui m' est imparti ne me permet pas de détailler tous les points de cette directive que je réfute . Néanmoins , dit simplement , ces propositions ne possèdent selon moi aucune valeur ajoutée .
it is left with a single option which does not involve own resources but seeks to resolve the problem by reducing spending
such a move would be deemed premature by numerous critics
Tu parles espéranto , non ?
L' Inde bénéficie de politiques démocratiques , mais souffre d' un gouvernement trop bureaucratisé .
thank you thanks very much
practical cooperation is not enough
many of these differences are highlighted in the report and i should like to mention just a few
Dites - moi quoi faire ici !
Ce règlement permettra enfin aux partis politiques européens de prendre part aux élections européennes .
Les Arabes ne lui font aucune confiance non plus .
however compulsory insurance must be introduced gradually in cooperation with the operators involved
Ceci a abouti à une déclaration de la Commission énumérant toutes les mesures à prendre dans les années à venir .
Mais tout simplement parce que les Irakiens nous regardent et nous lisent et qu’ ils attendent de l’ Europe de l’ espoir mais aussi de la vérité .
Et ceci est le résultat des recherches sur les besoins des fermiers .
Évidemment , dans leurs cas , aucun argent n' a changé de mains et aucune vie n' a été mise en danger .
weak economic performance -- whether it is called a recession or not -- smells just as bad
i also have been making efforts for well over a year to try and get some semblance of order into the idea of colleges of supervisors or a better regulatory system for cross - border financial institutions
when we did that here 's a new experiment that we did we put an animal and had it run -- this grass spider -- on a surface with 99 percent of the contact area removed but it did n't even slow down the animal
Était - ce le résultat d’ un important manque de jugement économique ou cherchait - il simplement à s’ arroger les faveurs du gouvernement Bush ?
you see there that sweden does better than britain all the way across the social hierarchy
Sauf qu’ ils ne sont pas aussi riches que les nôtres , parce qu’ elles n’ ont pas de cortex cérébral comme nous .
we have to fight against terrorism as if there were no negotiations and we have to negotiate as if there were no terrorism
how much do you think about legacy and what would you like your legacy to be
although a champion of the free market and economic liberalization i believe that in the case of agricultural products we can not move from protectionism and international agreements of a dirigiste nature to the liberalization of trade
nl first of all i regret the fact that right now we are unable to paint a rosy picture of the political situation in bosnia and herzegovina
chris anderson thank you enric
Ces dernières années , l' Assemblée parlementaire paritaire s' est de plus en plus dotée d' une stature et d' une conduite parlementaires , reflétant la maturité de la coopération entre l' Union européenne et les pays ACP .
Je crois qu' exclure les grands investissements du champ d' un examen plus strict est absurde et tout à fait erroné .
L' un des fondateurs est allé en Suisse , a vu comment c' était mis en place quelque part , a dit , " Hé , ça a l' air sympa .
Tout doit rester dans un contexte économique raisonnable et respecter les dispositions de l’ Union européenne .
then i said all this is good but i want to paint like a real painter
this is the proper point at which the principle of the transitional arrangement must be incorporated as the rapporteur mr rothley quite rightly indicated
Or , les accords de partenariat économique qui sont soumis au Parlement proposent plutôt une intensification de cette approche infructueuse .
these issues are the subjects of negotiations in the context of the specific relationships and with georgia for example within the framework of the neighbourhood policy
Mais je voudrais rappeler qu’ on réclame aujourd’hui , passionnément , ce qui , passionnément , était refusé hier : les frontières de 1967 , le partage de la Palestine en deux , ou les critères de Clinton .
Quel beau gars .
steps need to be taken to create conditions for responsible and sustainable development in other words to build an ecosystem for the sort of knowledge economy that we all want to see
she became rich by virtue of hard work and good business sense
Nous espérons être capables de relever ce défi .
that these activities are illegal
in addition i wish all of us a positive and above all a forward - looking outcome
Le second est que la priorité de l' Union européenne doit être d' encourager de manière intelligente la démocratisation de la Turquie .
Cela me semble être le problème principal à l' heure actuelle , parce que la crise du crédit touche aussi bien les grandes entreprises que les petites .
J' ai été surpris d' entendre Mme Green dire ce qu' elle a dit ce matin devant cette Assemblée , car le porte-parole de son propre parti , le parti travailliste , à la Chambre des communes est totalement d' accord avec la politique du gouvernement .
A tempête équivalente , les Haïtiens couraient 100 fois plus de risques de mourir que les Dominicains .
Quelqu' un peut - il me dire ce qu' attend l' Union européenne pour réagir ?
i am very pleased to be able to say that we have certainly returned to the community approach
the june list ’s answer is clear this is an issue for the member states
Cependant , ce qui m' a surpris fut la réaction de la Chambre des communes et de son âme damnée , les médias de Londres .
the main issue there is how to include in the selective programme those herds in which numerous cases of bse have occurred
however this means that parliaments - and in this case the european parliament - must have full rights of control
En conclusion , je peux donc dire que je me réjouis du présent accord et que je voterai en sa faveur .
Dès lors , nous proposons plutôt l’ élaboration d’ un réel accord international entre l’ UE et les États - Unis stipulant clairement les objectifs visés , les données collectées , les garanties offertes et les responsabilités engagées .
in fact this crisis is also a crisis for democracy
Cependant , la position de départ de la Lettonie et de la Lituanie à l' égard de l' Union européenne diffère de celle de l' Estonie .
even in the first seven days there was one parody for every other day of the week
Pour revenir à votre question , il existe bien des exemples de mesures fructueuses .
Ces secteurs sont technologiquement sophistiqués , mais forment une base étroite pour le développement sur le long terme .
Mais informer aussi les pays tiers , essentiellement les États ACP , sur ces possibilités et , surtout , sur les possibilités dans les campagnes , où des coopératives ou des associations de producteurs , par exemple , pourraient introduire ces technologies moins complexes .
Je pense que dans ce domaine , il faut être sévère .
En outre , compte tenu de la raréfaction des stocks halieutiques , l' aquaculture crée de multiples possibilités pour les industries européennes .
my brother lives in a small village
Ce but pourra être atteint en créant les infrastructures adéquates et en informant les seniors des possibilités accrues qui s' offrent à eux de prendre part à de telles activités , afin de ne pas être marginalisés ou victimes de l' exclusion sociale .
La contribution substantielle du Parlement européen au Conseil de Barcelone ne se limite par conséquent pas à un domaine spécifique des réformes économiques , mais touche également une multitude de secteurs différents .
Tous les matins et tous les soirs je donne à manger à mon chat .
Mais ce n' est pas à propos de Reddit en soit , mais plutôt des baleines à bosse .
- to make it compulsory to enforce them
firstly i am led to believe that there are problems with the sabena slots that have been offered in britain for example to british midland and british european airways
Ils reconnaissent également que ces dangers ne s' arrêtent pas aux limites des villages ou des bidonvilles ; les lieux où l' on a faim aujourd'hui seront dans bien des cas les foyers de violence de demain .
president george w. bush ’s middle east policy undeniably managed to achieve one thing it has thoroughly destabilized the region
i have in mind amendment 2 in particular
Que cela nous plaise ou non , la base légale de la politique agricole est l' article 43 , qui ne prévoit que l' audition du Parlement .
the bureau is looking at the technological aspect
Or , dans le cas d' espèce , je ne comprends pas pourquoi la Commission et , partant , vous aussi , Madame la Commissaire , vous ne défendez pas la transparence .
Plusieurs écueils ont cependant rapidement affleuré .
communications are by definition private in nature and their confidentiality must be guaranteed
we therefore find ourselves in a situation and at a point where we have no option but to change
Cependant , il existe toutes sortes d' autres morceaux d' information qui apparaissent en ligne . Et nous devons admettre la capacité de cette information à éveiller l' intérêt des gens , à aider les gens et de changer le cours de leurs vies .
Il ne freinera toutefois pas le progrès vers une Union européenne de plus en plus forte .
De nombreux personnages importants ont été invités à participer à nos séances plénières , et vous en faites partie .
fifthly there is no longer any passive support as this is termed in the proposal for social security instead an active employment policy is pursued with means of this fund
as and when this council regulation is imposed will it improve the situation or will france continue to play wing three - quarters with its illegal immigrants
Les activités qu' elle mène à ce titre jouent un rôle primordial dans le cadre de sa politique extérieure axée sur les droits de l' homme .
À l' évidence , vous n' osez pas soumettre cette motion aux débats et au vote .
in writing sv we swedish social democrats do not think that mr brok 's report is the right forum in which to debate the treaty and what it should and should not contain
Il se fait une règle d' écrire dans son journal tous les jours .
Les scientifiques estiment de plus en plus que le réchauffement planétaire s' accompagnera d' importantes perturbations climatiques .
the economic and financial crisis along with the special financial measures adopted last year have destabilised in an alarming way the public finances of the majority of the european union 's member states
but germany did not accumulate foreign reserves the way that china did
i have to admit that i do not know perhaps others are better informed
Il s' agit d' un thème central de ma visite conjointe avec Monsieur le Commissaire Michel à l' Union africaine et à plusieurs pays d' Afrique au début de ce mois .
J' ai reçu 7 propositions de résolution pour clore le présent débat .
Troisièmement , du point de vue de la politique extérieure , l' étroite collaboration et les proches concertations menées dans le cadre des conflits régionaux et des processus de reconstruction ont été soulignées .
Il suffit d' en avoir la volonté politique .
Le vote sur cette proposition de résolution aura lieu jeudi 23 avril 2009 .
before buying anything you had better ask yourself whether you can not do without it
you are right mr hallam one can only give an explanation of vote if one has actually taken part in the vote
in this matter blaming the new member states or enlargement will not help
to mrs malone i would say that we welcome the revitalisation of malta 's application but we serve that country best by updating the situation
Mais les gouvernements continuaient à voir leur rôle économique en termes restreints .
lebanon then needs to be independent not least from syria without military forces occupying it and not under threat of a blockade
mr henderson i invite you to reply to mrs theorin 's question
Aujourd'hui au contraire , la détérioration des relations semble être animée d' un mouvement propre .
much of the most exciting work in economics now underway extends the boundary of economics to include work by psychologists political scientists and sociologists
through democratic elections they succeeded in bringing about fundamental change
they had to pay the greatest financial claim
Un domaine particulièrement sensible est celui de la violence , sous toutes ses formes , à l' égard de l' enfant , en particulier dans le cas des enlèvements d' enfants , ce qui nous intéresse plus particulièrement aujourd'hui .
Ainsi , je suis une chercheuse - conteuse , et je vais vous parler aujourd'hui -- nous discutons de l' élargissement de nos conceptions -- alors je veux vous parler et vous raconter quelques histoires sur une partie de mes recherches qui a fondamentalement élargi ma perception et a réellement , concrètement , changé ma façon de vivre , d' aimer , de travailler , et d' élever mes enfants .
Je me réjouis que vous ayez déjà fait état de l' importante réunion que nous avons eue avec le président et le directeur général de l' association britannique des moniteurs de ski .
Je n' ai pas besoin d' argent tout de suite .
there are declarations of intent and there are various references here and there in the introduction and in the preamble but these scarcely figure in the action programme nor are they included in the legislative initiatives
europe like bp has its share of problems
Les écrivains se réfèrent souvent à un dictionnaire .
C' est intéressant car ça nous donne une chance de prouver si oui ou non ces objets bizarres existent .
Nous nous réjouissons de ce que le bilan que vous venez de nous présenter aujourd'hui ne donne prise à aucune critique .
Donc , en fait , je vais au RISD .
Nous pouvons voir l' île au loin .
and for that as well we owe howard moskowitz a huge vote of thanks
La recommandation de la Commission a pour seul but de réglementer la vente en ligne d' enregistrements musicaux .
Nous craignons que ceux - ci ne correspondent pas aux engagements pris auparavant , ceci provoquant l' émergence de nouveaux RAL , et que les crédits non versés s' accumulent .
first a critical and public debate on this matter is required
all of us as meps are small employers too
Il est entendu que nous chercherons , comme d' ailleurs votre rapport nous y encourage , à étendre ce mécanisme à d' autres pays , y compris non ACP , en fonction d' expériences que nous tirerons de ces premiers pays .
so i think it would be a good idea to review this composition and provide it with a real community dimension at eu level
Le projet de budget actuel supprime certaines des économies proposées par le Conseil et donne une idée plus réaliste des besoins en termes de paiements au cours des prochaines années .
it assigned clear responsibilities to the two parties and i believe it is one of the best declarations made by the european union
Bien entendu , nous continuerons de garantir que cette politique soit mieux intégrée dans ce que nous faisons et d' assurer la cohérence politique , parce que c' est là que se trouve le véritable défi .
On sait , entre-temps , que la nouvelle substance active utilisée dans la culture des grains de soja manipulés n' a pas été testée .
Elle est en train d' acheter des livres à la librairie .
formidable hazards arise from these
he called it an impatience with irresolution
Mais vers 2015 , la Chine sera confronté à un troisième changement dramatique – une évolution démographique qui sera le reflet des effets de sa politique de l’ enfant unique maintenue depuis si longtemps .
En somme , c’ est grâce aux ajustements que la Chine a mis en œuvre un an avant la crise mondiale que son économie s’ est relevée plus tôt que les autres .
Pour élargir la base de connaissances de Tatoeba , tout utilisateur contribuant à ce projet doit impérativement donner de vastes permissions au public pour qu' il puisse redistribuer et réutiliser son contenu librement , pourvu que la source de ce contenu soit clairement indiquée et que la même liberté face à la redistribution et la réutilisation s' applique aux copies et produits dérivés .
mr president i come from a country which is arguably the best energy - endowed in europe namely scotland
however we should look into whether publication should perhaps be limited so as ultimately to prevent people losing the overview
Premièrement , les femmes non européennes dans l' Union européenne . Je crois qu' il est essentiel que Commission et États membres mènent une politique d' information beaucoup plus active et beaucoup plus accessible concernant leurs droits .
Il ne peut y avoir aucun doute à cet égard .
the council has stressed that india and pakistan must find a durable settlement for jammu and kashmir which takes into account the wishes of all the people of kashmir
this is now the second ruling of the court with the same content
J' ai noté , bien sûr , le souci du Parlement d' être très impliqué dans le suivi de la gouvernance .
why however are we discussing this issue in this house today
Pour y parvenir , nous avons besoin d' une reconversion rapide . Cela signifie que nous devons également investir dans la formation des travailleurs concernés .
Nous avions déjà parlé de l' Azerbaïdjan lors de la dernière législature , lorsque nous avions adopté trois résolutions , dont une concernant la liberté des médias dans ce pays .
Si vous voulez , il s' agit d' une confrontation entre le XXIe siècle et le XIXe siècle .
Au contraire , c' est Mme Andreasen qui a été licenciée .
he is the boy of whom i spoke the other day
this corridor today is more than a symbol it is a reality fragile but tangible
Elles peuvent provoquer des effets secondaires indésirables , car elles ont un effet néfaste sur la santé , et ont pour conséquence la commercialisation du corps humain .
Dans l’ intérêt de tous , il importe de le rappeler au Conseil et de suivre les choses de près , faute de quoi , la lutte contre la fraude restera insuffisante et ne sera qu’ un « tigre édenté » .
Le Conseil est convenu , au cas où le projet de résolution sur la Chine serait mis aux voix , que les États membres qui font partie de cette commission voteraient pour .
Le Bangladesh est l' un des pays en développement les plus pauvres .
there is no telling what will happen
Cette année , je pense qu' ils ont réussi .
Ce lancement d’ émissions indépendantes est une étape cruciale . Je suis ravi que nous soyons les premiers donateurs à lancer une telle initiative pour le Belarus .
Les Ukrainiens méritent notre coopération , nos encouragements , notre soutien , et ce , comme l' a dit M. Swoboda , quel que soit le camp politique .
the dog is smart
Cela dit , le budget 1998 n' atteindra pas un niveau de croissance zéro , contrairement à ce qu' on nous a dit .
Il se montrera bientôt sous son vrai jour et il montrera bientôt son impuissance » .
yesterday mallika sarabhai showed us that music can create a world more accepting of difference than the one we have been given
Monsieur le Président , la majeure partie des investissements qui ont été faits dans l' Union en faveur des infrastructures de transport l' ont été sur le plan national .
Cette opération nuirait gravement au système de paiement durant la période la plus active de l' année , à savoir les derniers jours de décembre .
our thinking needs to be wide - ranging and forward - looking and frankly the future can not involve a return to technologies of the past which are old dangerous and controversial such as nuclear technology
if i understand you correctly however this sixth framework research programme contains far fewer specific programmes than the fifth and i should like to ask you why
L’ adoption de cette directive augmentera les risques et nous ...
En outre , nous avions également demandé des mesures très concrètes en vue d' amener les citoyens et le monde économique à prendre conscience du phénomène .
there is none of this quality of being addressed with these charles bonnet hallucinations
D' autres régions ont bénéficié d' interventions communautaires , quand les retards de développement étaient à ce point manifestes qu' ils justifiaient l' attribution de fonds structurels importants .
what constitutes provocation
Ne devrait - on pas plutôt demander : " Y a -t -il quelque chose qui puisse sauver les journaux ? "
Si , en tant que membres du Parlement européen , nous sommes chargés de surveiller la Commission européenne , alors nous devons intervenir dans ces affaires .
but actually i believe there are really two microsofts
Si cela n' est pas le cas , la sécurité de l' espace Schengen est affaiblie , la crédibilité de l' Union européenne se trouve minée , et la confiance mutuelle est réduite à néant .
On peut certainement reprocher beaucoup de choses aux Américains , mais pas d' être contre la recherche .
his father disapproved of her
i will vote against them evidently
nobody rose at that point to speak against
Mais je ne suis pas non plus pessimiste , parce que je sais qu' il ne faut pas grand chose pour qu' elles se lancent .
once in power they simply make for bad government
Si on lui donnait une autre chance , il ferait de son mieux .
he was absent from school yesterday
Il est peut - être temps pour l’ Europe de renvoyer l’ ascenseur .
· les ressources naturelles sont gérées convenablement en vue d' un développement universel plus avancé .
Voici des stimuli que j’ ai utilisés dans certaines de mes études .
we will meet again on sunday when we will have another meeting to see whether it is possible by means of constitutional reform to prevent the referendum and the separation of montenegro from belgrade
the palestinians have a difficult history – one of internal disunity and murderous internecine conflict – to overcome
regional integration is crucial for the development of acp countries and we need to integrate this reality into cotonou to better support their own efforts towards this objective
Tout comme MM . Helmut Kohl et Jacques Chirac , nous estimons que beaucoup trop de décisions qui auraient pu être prises à l' échelle nationale se trouvent à présent transférées au niveau de l' UE .
where is socialization where is discussion
Le financement au niveau national des dépenses agricoles doit faire l' objet d' une réglementation suffisamment précise pour que les agriculteurs des États membres soient tous traités de la même manière .
La difficulté c' est d' aller là - bas , et clairement , la clé c' est le coût de la mise en orbite .
Ces problèmes découlent fondamentalement de l' extrême pauvreté existant dans certaines couches de population du Honduras et d' autres pays en voie de développement , dont un grand nombre de pays d' Amérique latine .
you need to
Il quitta la pièce en silence .
feeling uncomfortable with this rationale other opponents deny the religious nature of the dispute and make clear that theirs is not a quarrel with islam
Il est noir , cet homme est blanc , et il a deux petits enfants avec lui .
but you ca n't always do that but there 's an organization that has been able to find a way to learn when the first cases occur and that is called gphin
De même , l’ émergence de ce consensus en Israël ne sera pas chose facile , d’ autant plus que les partis politiques du pays se préparent à l’ élection de l’ an prochain .
Ce n’ est pas difficile .
Dans les années 1970 , des banques commerciales ont émis quelques titres de créance en DTS et des entreprises ont émis des obligations en DTS .
we communicated with each other by gesture
next week a family will move in
that is why i have decided to look forward rather than look back
we 're going to have to re - learn what the building blocks of these things are the street the block how to compose public space that 's both large and small the courtyard the civic square and how to really make use of this property
structural funds and other eu assistance have been used by other member states to tackle the difficult transition period and to support the affected regions
given their central role not only as mothers and caregivers but also as farmers rural women hold the key to food security
i agree completely as indicated in the resolution before us that public health and food safety must be placed at the top of our agenda
Alors seulement , nous pourrons parler de la suppression des labels nationaux .
albania is not montenegro and bosnia - herzegovina is not kosovo
Il convient de souligner qu' un visa de long séjour devrait avoir les mêmes effets qu' un permis de résidence du point de vue de la libre circulation dans l' espace Schengen sans frontières intérieures .
and yet this principle has not been enshrined in the arbitration agreement
the european parliament would become a first chamber representing the people
in addition to all this myanmar has a prime position in the production and trafficking of drugs while hiv is forging ahead and myanmar has a terrible record in this sector
this is what it would look like if you went to the site
all of this effort paid off
Dans l' éducation , cela signifie pour nous avoir la volonté , au nom de la démocratie , d' encourager les gens à une citoyenneté critique .
Et ils ne comprenaient toujours pas .
Vous pouvez rester avec nous pour l' instant .
Avec cette résolution , j' appelle les autorités laotiennes à mettre immédiatement un terme à la répression menée contre les Hmong et contre d' autres minorités , notamment les chrétiens .
as the commissioner is aware the trade agreements are not uncontroversial they are reported to involve trade liberalisation that is too rapid and too rigorous
Les ennemis de la démocratie exploiteront ces divisions à leur avantage .
Nous construisons donc ces immeubles .
i will give another example the mediterranean and latin america are european priorities but a good spanish presidency given its special closeness and relations with these two regions should be able to put the emphasis on them
even so it can provide a conceptual and legal framework for state intervention in production and the social and ecological conditions under which it takes place
speak slowly and clearly
Il vit à Ankara depuis 2006 .
half of all the plasmatic clotting factors currently used in the european union comes from remunerated donors either they have made their donation in the eu or their plasma has been imported
Attention , tournez sept fois votre langue avant d’ y penser .
De la même manière qu' il y a peu de grosses vieilles filles , il y a peu de gros jeunes hommes célibataires .
you have power over this enterprise
Alors , pourquoi les gouvernements ne martellent - ils pas cela à la télévision ?
rather than parade new ambitions the commission should have been pulled up for its ill will and bad faith when it comes to assessing the impact of the liberalisation of public services
Célébrer la Déclaration universelle des droits de l' homme ne servira pas à grand-chose si nous continuons de négliger ces droits .
En tout état de cause , cela impliquerait la rémunération du travail par des prix minimums de base garantis , une agriculture productrice de valeur ajoutée et d' emploi , un développement agricole respectueux des souverainetés alimentaires contre la famine .
it can not be acceptable that the armed forces the national security council should have the upper hand when decisions are taken in turkey
Notre groupe votera contre la proposition de résolution du groupe libéral , qui constitue une provocation le jour même des élections municipales en Algérie .
that is why we not only have no problem with but actually welcome a reappraisal of the crimes under stalinism
nowadays the loss of human life as you said commissioner is far above the figure we want to see at a general european level
Quel objectif poursuivez - vous donc en fait de soi - disant politique étrangère ?
my wife is chinese
we saw paramedics treating the gunshot victims
La troisième voie , comme on l' appelle , convient mieux à ce modèle de relations économiques .
i say neither this eu nor one bloated by foolishly encompassing turkey needs a constitution
Tous , ok ? Paume vers le haut .
L’ évocation qui a plutôt cours aujourd’hui , c’ est “ Sarkozy l’ Occidental . ”
Se moquer des coutumes et des croyances des minorités n’ est pas tout à fait la même chose que de copier les habitudes et points de vue chéris par les majorités .
and that certainly is going in the right direction
De plus , si la conciliation échoue , l' Europe devra s' avancer pour offrir ses services de médiation .
i 'd be unhappy if that happened again
mr president commissioner ladies and gentlemen the resolution on security of energy supply adopted last month states that the creation of energy networks is a number one priority which is true
helping ukraine to take an independent road should now be our main concern
there are currently 443 nuclear power plants worldwide – a number that was set to double in the next 15 years
mr jarzembowski is right in saying that there is indeed a broad measure of agreement on this amongst the various groups
Il apprend vite .
the treatment of classified information has to be carefully considered
it is absolutely imperative that we impose a total ban on the use of cyanide in mining within the eu in order to avert tragedies affecting people and the environment
Ne laissez personne échapper !
C' est pourquoi nous adresserons prochainement au Conseil et au Parlement une communication qui aura pour but de clarifier les concepts auxquels il convient de se référer , et de proposer une attitude plus structurée .
what is he going to give to the british
we need to combine flexibility with consistency
Soit une perte risquée -- je lance une pièce . Si c' est face , vous perdez beaucoup .
i expect political thuggery which aims to replace dialogue to be universally condemned by those involved in politics
as the dust settles it is becoming apparent that they have fared rather well
Je pense , notamment , à certaines maladies comme les maladies rares .
but everything about institutions makes them uncomfortable with that disproportionality
i hope they can address the issue of hostages and detainees as well as other pressing questions of violence access and finances
Et ils ont réussi à le faire en travaillant ensemble .
Toutes les théories conventionnelles sur l' évolution culturelle , sur l' origine des hommes , et sur ce qui nous différencie des autres espèces , toutes ces théories expliquent que notre cerveau surdimensionné , le langage , l' utilisation des outils , et tout ces éléments qui nous rendent uniques , sont issus des gènes .
i need assistance
Je me réjouis de la coopération continue avec le Parlement , en particulier à travers le groupe COP15 qui sera sur place à Copenhague .
in the view of the rapporteur mrs magdalene hoff the nuclear situation and safety are so important that the union must continue to allocate considerable budgetary resources to them
La nouvelle lui a brisé le coeur .
« Henry , quelle est ta question ? »
as for the european council that is due to take place it is not in a position to take major decisions but it may have a decisive influence on the future fate of the european union
very few good ideas -- if you agree that this is a good idea -- very few good ideas are truly novel
that is why a group of meps now want to mark this vote by delivering explanations of vote in the hope that their message will reach the convention whose eminent representatives are indeed sitting right here in this venue
i wish to thank all those who worked on this report which has been adopted unanimously by the committee on development and ask the house to give it the greatest possible support
( EN ) L' ordre du jour appelle le rapport dressé par Luciana Sbarbati , au nom de la commission des pétitions , sur le rapport annuel relatif aux activités du Médiateur européen en 2006 .
Étant journaliste , je trouve que ce concept a très bien été rendu dans la proposition de résolution .
Je pense que les représentants de toutes les confessions représentées en Europe contribuent à notre civilisation .
those people who maintain this position are naturally expressing an initial negotiating position because otherwise we would have to assume they have their heads in the clouds
Ce qui nous ramène à la structure .
Le parlement polonais tient aujourd'hui un débat qui conduira à l' adoption d' une résolution exhortant le Président polonais à se conformer à son devoir constitutionnel et à signer le traité de Lisbonne .
a year ago we discussed the pradier report on harmful and illegal content on the internet
Parce que je ne veux plus qu’ elles souffrent de discriminations . » Quand nous réfléchissons à des solutions contre la pauvreté nous ne pouvons pas priver les individus de leur dignité fondamentale .
Le président des États - Unis vient de demander une augmentation de 14 % des dépenses en matière de défense - c' est à dire une augmentation du budget de défense des États - Unis de 48 milliards de dollars .
Deuxièmement , les déclarations nationales de gestion doivent être signées par le responsable politique national compétent , par exemple le ministre concerné .
En fait il collectait des poissons .
Un jour , deux missionnaires mormons sont venus à ma porte .
Cette alliance était un objectif si important à ses yeux que l’ on serait en droit de se demander quel était l’ élément premier de sa stratégie .
Il se retira dans sa ville natale où il a vécu une vie paisible .
Je pense que pour l' individualisation croissante et la flexibilité sur le marché du travail , il est temps de redéfinir les régimes de sécurité sociale dans les Etats membres .
and somebody -- to remain nameless -- called our laptop a gadget recently
Qu' est -ce que ça fait pour les entrepreneurs ? Qu' est -ce que ça fait pour les sociétés ? Ça dit aux gens , si vous pouvez produire de l' énergie pour moins de 35 dollars le baril , ou moins de 40 dollars le baril , ou moins de 50 dollars le baril -- discutons - en -- vous aurez une affaire . Mais ne mettons pas des gens dans ce cycle où il ne paie pas pour faire de la recherche parce que votre société fera faillite puisque l' OPEP mène des alternatives et empêche la bioénergie de se produire . Merci .
Commençons par aider ceux qui partagent nos valeurs avant d' essayer de persuader ceux qui ne les partagent pas .
the freedom to change one 's religion or religious denomination must also include the right not to profess any faith
we are voting against the report relating to support for rural development through the eaggf
in october 2008 the kingdom held mediation talks between the taliban and the afghan government following karzai ’s request to king abdullah whom karzai describes as “ the leader of the muslim world ”
this whole point has a lot of merit
we do not support the council 's priorities for a common foreign and security policy
the agenda 2000 package has as you have indicated been agreed under extraordinarily difficult circumstances bombardments by nato as a result of the crisis in kosovo resignation of the commission
J' ai décidé de donner un nom à ce concept , et c' est " la vitesse d' échappement de la longévité . "
tom was sad when he discovered that mary was a gold digger and mary was sad when she discovered that tom was poor
Compétences clés dans un monde en mutation : mise en œuvre du programme de travail « Éducation et formation 2010 » (
Le revenu net total perçu par l’ agriculture danoise ne représentait qu’ une partie des subventions CE directes .
if it had n't been for the seatbelt i would n't be alive today
Demande de levée d' immunité
i have heard commissioner verheugen use the term ‘ zero tolerance ’ and i find it an appealing one
Un abri dans une zone urbaine signifie que vous devez être dans un sous-sol aussi profond que possible ou que vous êtes à l' étage -- à un étage élevé si c' est une explosion terrestre , ce qui sera sûrement le cas , au - dessus du neuvième étage . Vous devez être au dixième étage ou plus , ou au sous-sol .
the rapporteur has shown caution and on this issue it is better to be safe than sorry
member states will have to adopt common positions within the deadlines specified in the road map and will have to determine transitional periods if necessary even if this may and will give rise to difficulties
it is a time to be smart and ambitious
Toutefois , les États - Unis freinent à présent les choses .
the european union must provide support in this situation
he does n't have the necessary skills for that task
Hier , un séminaire a une nouvelle fois été organisé ici , à Strasbourg , par l' intergroupe " Développement durable " , qui a entendu tous les arguments en faveur ou à l' encontre de la pêche industrielle .
Les médias allemands annoncent également que vous allez rencontrer un certain député cette semaine et que le député en question vous remettra alors certaines listes .
can you tell us what the position of the european union will be in st petersburg
the magical moment the magical moment of conducting
we 're going to do some open - heart surgery i was the only brit on a team of about nine american cardiac surgeons cardiac nurse intensive care nurse
Aujourd’hui , certaines personnes qui ont voté pour ce rapport en commission des pétitions tentent de le modifier de façon irréversible .
Ma question est dès lors la suivante : la Commission peut - elle garantir que le Parlement sera informé suffisamment tôt et complètement sur les accords conclus dans le cadre de ce comité ainsi que sur les développements ultérieurs ?
but is it
Dernière question : pourquoi avons - nous demandé de faire figurer ces 125 millions dans le budget ?
it is also reasonable because it is good to retain the benefits derived from these agreements and to transfer them to the saharan provinces of morocco and to the people
there were others and i found this quite cheeky they used their six words to talk back to me and ask me if i 'd been too much on google lately
et de faire le premier pas quand même , puis de se rendre compte que « Cela n’ était pas si difficile » .
there are two main areas where the committee favours an approach that would be more radical than that proposed by the commission and i should like to concentrate on them
Une éventuelle réduction d' impôt pourrait contrebalancer les coûts importants qu' entraînera l' utilisation de carburants plus propres , par exemple pour les agriculteurs .
M. Prodi a dit qu' il ne s' agissait pas d' un assemblage d' idées disparates et il a donc établi des priorités .
i would like to ask you when you respond to make known in full transparency the names of the member states that refuse to act in solidarity
ro madam president an annual mortality rate of between 1.6 and 2 million people makes tuberculosis one of the two major causes of death worldwide from infectious diseases
certainly any idea that the eu should upgrade its relations with israel as some member states are proposing should be dropped so long as injustices of this kind continue
Parce que peut - être pouvons - nous récolter des informations , non seulement pour remonter les gens jusqu' à la moyenne , mais aussi pour remonter toute la moyenne , dans nos entreprises et nos écoles du monde entier .
Exclure aujourd'hui l' adhésion de la Turquie à l' UE représenterait une provocation inutile .
this is powered by low - cost vsat technology aggressively trying to reach farmers to bring them into the market
it 's a much more noisy world
Naturellement , ce serait mieux si cette réunion se déroulait enfin à Bruxelles .
of course that is an argument against badly designed bank bailouts like the one in america which has cost us taxpayer hundreds of billions of dollars much of it never to be recovered
i repeat it is utterly immoral
Malheureusement , les négociations sur le financement d' un programme européen en faveur du microcrédit , instrument particulièrement utile et nécessaire pour relancer la croissance , sont bloquées au Conseil .
Nous proposons l' imposition en aval , c' est - à - dire le système EET , car celui - ci est déjà appliqué dans une grande majorité des États membres .
we share his concern about the french german and italian budget deficits which were forecast for 1995 and which amounted to 2 % of gdp or more
L' impunité entrave une paix durable .
yet i fear that i still have difficulty with the package
Ainsi , les organismes du secteur public sont tentés de limiter l' accès aux seuls documents imprimés .
Il faut simplifier radicalement les procédures d' obtention des fonds , réduire le volume de cofinancement requis de la part du secteur privé et de l' État et prolonger les échéances d' obtention des ressources .
i got on a sailboat and i sailed down to the caribbean and walked through all of the islands and to venezuela
the logo on the bulletin ’s cover is a clock the proximity of whose hands to midnight indicates the editors ’ judgment of the precariousness of the world situation
On a un besoin urgent d' argent .
Pourtant , s' enfermer dans un État de haute sécurité revient à laisser la victoire aux terroristes en étouffant la liberté démocratique .
he prays several times a day
i do not see any great correlation between the two questions but i do note that the euro is being taken seriously
so i ask for better use to be made of thursday afternoons than hitherto and for action on the principle that those who leave have only themselves to blame
transitional regimes must be limited in terms of their duration to allow producers to adapt their system of production to european standards that are stricter their own specifications
the main committee active in this area the 113 committee is completely outside our control
Elle ne va pas bien ? Elle semble être un brin déprimée .
Dans le contexte des transferts de technologies , un rôle très important est joué par le secteur privé , que la Commission soutient au travers d' un programme spécifique .
Il désirait la compagnie d' une femme .
for macedonia an external financial shortfall to the tune of usd 372 million is expected in 1999
that 's what i 'd heard
the balkan region is one of the most sensitive areas of the eu 's external borders in terms of illegal migration
in this way we will ensure that every student can participate in a variety of sports
Le rapport observe que les falsifications évoluent , touchant non plus seulement les médicaments de confort mais aussi les médicaments dits salvateurs , y compris les médicaments permettant de traiter le cancer et les affections cardiaques , les troubles psychiatriques et les infections .
it is an intolerant regime a fundamentalist regime a regime which murders political opponents and a regime which must be kept under international pressure
those who peddle that deception are best exposed by the constitution 's own most ardent and more honest proponents
in some parts of the world radicalization of this sort did take place
Et nous y réussissons .
he thought that space and time were explained by isaac newton -- they were absolute they just stuck there forever
they 're back where they want to be
it is affecting europe 's cooperation with the country and a tangible improvement in this situation represents one of the conditions for the opening of negotiations on an advanced status for the eu - tunisia partnership
L’ euro est une réussite dans tous les domaines , puisqu’ il a assuré la stabilité monétaire au sein de la zone euro , avec des taux d’ inflation bas , ainsi que par rapport aux devises étrangères .
